4
DC, Asos, and FairPrice.
Jingisukan, Breadsticks, and Yaki udon.
Where can I find the best yang rou tang?
png kueh, fried garoupa, and butter pork ribs.
Please tell me how to cook kueh kemboja.
6320 2191
Denis D'Cotta, Michael Tan Kim Nei, and Dorothy Tessensohn.
I can't eat all of this lotus leaf duck.
SIS, Pizza Hut, and Obey.
I am meeting Margie at Simpang Kiri Park Connector first.
It's Skin, Long John Silver, and Pandora.
Can I take the MRT to Tiong Poh Avenue?
OCBC Bank, The Body Shop, and Mr teh tarik.
chicken noodles is a must-try.
I am waiting for Benito to come back from Hoon Lam Tua Pek Kong Temple.
Qiana recently opened a new Tekkadon restaurant in Bujumbura.
Mah Bow Tan, Vivien Quahe-Seah Mei Lin, and Olivia Lum.
Please look for Adalynn when you reach Seletar Link.
Trinity Christian Centre, Jurong Bird Park, and Ulu Pandan.
Weld Road, Singapore Centre For Chinese Language, and Telok Blangah Hill.
Lim Nang Seng, Natarajan Chandrasekaran, and Tay Bak Koi.
Farrer Park Road, Jalan Selanting, and Sofitel Singapore Resort & Spa.
Osman Merican, Wang Chunde, and Lim Seok Hui.
This shop sells Raita.
at seven PM in the evening
Does prata onion taste good?
Camille, Raynard, and Sloane.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Pasir Panjang Tamil Methodist Church?
NRIC is S3721589G and date of birth is 22 June 1950.
Could you tell me the way to Ayer Rajah Neighbourhood Police Post?
How long does it take to get to EtonHouse International School by taxi?
Tom Yam Goong, Unagi, and Mediterranean Penne.
9004 5042
steamed rice cake with preserved radish, bak kwa, and jian dui.
Makchang gui, Spaghetti Bolognese, and Onigiri.
Could you tell me the way to Lengkong Lima?
Damia, Danial, and Harris.
Do you know where is Fairprice Hub?
How much is lotus leaf chicken?
fish head curry is well-known in my hometown.
Newton MRT Station
Please tell me how to cook Tortillas.
Katharyn recently opened a new kueh lupis restaurant.
How long will it take to walk to Sri Sivan Temple?
Jalan Mariam, Jalan Shaer, and Holland Road West.
Horizon Singapore, Jalan Pinang, and Jambol Place.
Umisushi, DC, and Samsonite.
Ng Teng Fong Hospital & Jurong Community Hospital, Jalan Hwi Yoh, and Almond Crescent.
Judith Prakash, Chor Yeok Eng, and Vincent Hoisington.
By using names such as Lily Neo, William Robinson and Chia Kwek Fah -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Sebamed, Benzac cream, and Ionil T.
The people included in the list are Wang Sui Pick, Woon Wah Siang and Lim Kay Siu.
Chicken Casserole, Fajitas, and Pita.
Brien recently opened a new nasi goreng daging merah restaurant.
You must try dim sum when you are here.
Where can I find the best Sushi?
Select the fastest way to Kranji Loop.
Baba, Shashi, and Indira.
This shop sells baby squid.
Khalil met Maranda in Tashkent and they chatted about their common love for soya beancurd.
You must try Chimichangas when you are here.
Someone from Baghdad came looking for ya kun kaya toast.
Please show me the way to Historic House of 7 Adam Park.
Studioline, A Bathing Ape, and Bardot.
I know people who have the exact name as David Tham, Harry Ord and Ong Koh Bee!
Jalan Kebun Limau
Dumex, Fish & Co, and Danone.
Nothing beats having gulai daun ubi in the summer.
NRIC is S6978045I and date of birth is 22 March 1924.
Gopal, Satyajit, and Atal.
Nanakusa-gayu, Salami, and Bratwurst.
Nothing beats having kuih kochi in the summer.
The fire had caused Ota, the owner of a Sambar restaurant, to suffer a million HKD of losses.
Punch Coomaraswamy, Han Sai Por, and Catchick Moses.
There is a food court selling pumpkin sauce prawns behind Damari's house.
What are the landmarks near Po Chiak Keng Temple?
Shannen, Ashli, and Andrea.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Ilmu.
NRIC is S7245186J and date of birth is 27 March 1965.
Stuff'd, McCormick, and Emel by Melinda Looi.
Lorenz, Kellie, and Beda.
Tay Bin Wee, Chin Peng, and Goh Boon Teck.
Which bus should I take to T1 VIP Drive?
I knew a person who has met both Alvin Tan Cheong Kheng and Sonny Liew.
Goh Boon Teck, A. Ramli, and Chong Heman.
Matt, Drema, and Lena.
Jalebi is well-known in my hometown.
Motoyaki is a traditional local cuisine.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Hua Chai Yong, Silvia Yong and Tan Kim Tian.
Date Tamarind Chutney, Gulab Jamun, and Dal Makhani.
Can I take the MRT to Jalan Anggerek?
Kim, Herminia, and Jimmy.
Do you know how to cook yang rou tang?
Suppiah Dhanabalan, Ip Yiu Tung, and Osbert Rozario.
Berrima Road, Auckland Road West, and Seraya Road.
Lee Seng Wee, Richard Tay Tian Hoe, and Kok Heng Leun.
Universal Studios Singapore, South East Asia Hotel, and Bedford Road.
Tan Hwee Hock
Garfield, Maeve, and Twyla.
Faith Bible, Dunman Road, and Institute of High Performance Computing.
Chay Jung Jun Mark, Suppiah Dhanabalan, and Jennifer Tham.
What are the best restaurants in Muscat?
Does tissue prata taste good?
Are there food courts or restaurants near Migrant Workers Centre?
Robert Ibbetson, Anthony Miller, and Chow Chee Yong.
Boyd, Tillman, and Esau.
Ocuvite, Fibogel, and Sitz bath.
Cetrimide is loved by its customers worldwide.
Kangaroo, Oakley, and Ducati.
Dal Makhani is a must-try.
I am waiting for Shasta to come back from Kee Sun Avenue.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Braema Mathi, Yong Nyuk Lin, and Neila Sathyalingam.
What are the landmarks near City Square Mall?
7 7 2 1 6 8 6 1 0 4
Goi Seng Hui, Said Zahari, and Naomi Tan.
The fire had caused Joe, the owner of a murtabak ayam restaurant, to suffer a million Peso of losses.
I would like to travel to Iceland. What is the fastest way there?
Tiana bought Raita for Waverly.
braised pork knuckle, lotus leaf chicken, and garlic chicken.
Simon Wee, Ong Keng Sen, and Fong Hoe Beng.
I am particular about my Masoor Dal.
Edwina, Aletha, and Valencia.
This is the best Burrito in Singapore.
tissue prata, pig organ soup, and chendol.
NRIC is S9325487M and date of birth is 15 August 1958.
Lim Lee, Cai Bixia, and Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis.
NSF, MMS, and MICE.
How long does it take to get to Rochester Park by taxi?
Jacob Ballas Children's Garden
David Lim, Quek Ling Kiong, and Chua Chong Long.
Catherine Lim, Chua Mia Tee, and Ng Chee Meng.
Lee Kong Chian, Haresh Sharma, and Chew Boon Lay.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Grace Fu and Mavis Hee.
3
Tell me the price of banana fritters.
Jalan Kuak, Sorby Adams Drive, and South East CDC.
Won, Kyat, and Peso.
Beef Galbi, Vermicelli, and Pork Bulgogi.
pig's organ soup, white sugar sponge cake, and mochi ice cream.
How many calories does a serving of Korokke have?
Lim Chin Siong, Denis Santry, and Lee Hsien Loong.
Benny Se Teo, Walter Woon, and Tan Cheng Lock.
SAM, USS, and MOF.
Could you tell me the way to Jurong Apartments?
Shah Hussain, Chew Boon Lay, and Othman Wok.
Where can I get cheap food in Tokyo?
What is the distance to The Old Ford Factory?
Gek Poh Shopping Centre, Fernhill Road, and Peiying Primary School.
Toh Yi Drive, Anglican High School, and Jalan Suasa.
Tan Boon Teik, Iskandar Shah, and Lee Choon Kee.
How much is Masoor Dal?
South Woodlands Drive, Cornwall Gardens, and Holland Village.
SPF, NEL, and SINDA.
mee kuah, aloo gobi, and steamed garoupa.
NRIC is S5196723B and date of birth is 04 August 1923.
KPE Tunnel, Bukit Drive, and Hwee San Temple.
UOB, HSA, and OETI.
Which bus should I take to Jalan Terentang?
NRIC is T9623081E and date of birth is 29 September 1955.
Kouo Shang-Wei, Zhang Hui, and Lee Ek Tieng.
I am meeting Corbett at Jalan Bumbong first.
How far away is Police Driving Circuit from here?
War Memorial Park
I am looking for a tour around Ghana.
salted egg yolk sotong is well-known in my hometown.
There is a food court selling Tandoori Chicken behind Pate's house.
Edra met Taurean in Freetown and they chatted about their common love for Tempura.
What currency does Cameroon use?
107,263
Regent Street, Aljunied Avenue 2, and Sky Suites.
Loh Lik Peng, Lui Tuck Yew, and Zainal Abidin Ahmad.
Boundary Close, Ironside Road, and Robertson Quay.
Luvinia is dropping me off at Sengkang Square.
Is Kenya on the same latitude as Kazakhstan?
S. Iswaran, Chua Koon Siong, and Fong Chong Pik.
How do I get to RELC International Hotel?
Yaki udon has special meanings in my country.
Select the fastest way to Marrison Hotel.
butter naan, plaster prata, and murtabak ayam.
Canon, Prada, and Bank of China.
Please look for Ashly when you reach Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
Helaine, Adrienne, and Sylvia.
Why are people such as Tao Li, Song Ong Siang and Annabel Pennefather in the list?
Park Street
Enjoy your salted egg yolk calamari.
Senora, Hampton, and Viridiana.
This is the best sweet and sour calamari in Singapore.
Henn Tan, Eng Siak Loy, and Chia Boon Leong.
Tom Yam Goong, Salami, and Pulao.
NRIC is T9342108J and date of birth is 17 May 1973.
I want to buy Emulsying ointment.
Someone from Amsterdam came looking for Carbonara.
Which bus should I take to Trengganu Street?
Gyno-Travogen Isoconazole Nitrate Ovule, Difflam-C Solution, and Domperidone.
Chong Pang Combined Temple, Jalan Mastuli, and Casuarina Walk.
It is faster to take the bus to Travellers' Health and Vaccination Clinic.
Ko Teck Kin, Wu Peng Seng, and Stefanie Sun.
You must try e-bua when you are here.
Show me the way to Marang Road.
This shop sells deep fried pork knuckle.
1777
Edwin Tessensohn, Ong Peng Hock, and Tan Cheng Bock.
Can I take a bus to Tudor Close?
9692 5856
Giana loves kueh pie tee.
Tracie Pang, Tan Teck Neo, and Arumugam Vijiaratnam.
What is the distance to Lippo Centre?
Do you know where is Singapore Girl Guides Association Camp Christine Campsite?
I am particular about my salted egg yolk sotong.
Sephora, Energizer, and Golden East Sun.
3VOSH6
Something Borrowed, PC Show, and Phoon Huat.
Philip Jackson, Humphrey Morrison Burkill, and Jacob Ballas.
CAAS, GST, and CDC.
Gidget, Julie, and Hughey.
Jalan Tempua, Hillside Drive, and Cairnhill Fire Post.
I am particular about my murtabak rusa.
867,554
17IUSN
Where is Boon Lay Way?
21 Sep. 1951 03:41:11
Lamb Vindaloo, Spaghetti Bolognese, and Pork Bulgogi.
Cecil Clementi, Tan Chong Tee, and Jernnine Pang.
Knockout, Comfort, and Film Grade.
The class assignment was to study about Ng Quee Lam, Jim Lim and Lau Teng Chuan.
Syafiqah, Suraya, and Izzati.
Fowlie Road, Seletar Airport, and Nanyang Polytechnic.
Warwick Road, Coral Island, and Jalan Masjid.
It's about 45 minutes' walk to Goodwood Park Hotel.
9th
RC, KTPH, and KPE.
There is a food court selling Sauerkraut behind Enrique's house.
Law Shau Ping Peter, Lee Chin Koon, and Michael Seet.
Guido bought mutton satay for Alek.
Low Kim Pong, Cheong Choong Kong, and Ling Cher Eng.
pig's organ soup, green bean soup, and nasi goreng seafood tiga rasa.
Constance Sheares, Lee Wei Song Paul, and Kit Chan.
ILFM5J
Lelia recently opened a new chendol melaka restaurant.
James Richardson Logan, M. Saffri A. Manaf, and Rahayu Mahzam.
Lim Pin, Wang Chunde and Ong Tiong Khiam? You are not familiar with these names?
8538 6160
sambal sotong, kuih dadar, and singapore-style noodles.
Zappy has an excellent company culture.
The Jade, Kim Seng CC, and Pasir Ris Crest.
Can I take the MRT to Somme Road?
Chia Boon Leong, Tony Khoo, and Brigadier Ivan Simson.
Miso Soup, Dhokla, and Burrito.
I am meeting Annmarie at Bishan Place first.
Koh Hoon Teck, Jernnine Pang, and Joan Pereira.
9 2 1 7 6 5 7 4 4 3
I like chinese steamed yam very much.
David Lee, Heng Swee Keat, and Lim Pin.
Popeyes, CK, and Converse.
The library recently did a roadshow on Robert Ibbetson and Benjamin Frank.
How long will it take to walk to Tengah Avenue?
How many calories does a serving of singapore sling have?
Chia Keng Hock, Percy Pennefather, and Angela Liong.
Philip Hoalim, Tay Yong Kwang, and Shui Tit Sing.
Percy Pennefather, A. P. Rajah, and Tay Chin Joo.
Patrick Tay Teck Guan
How do I get to Portsdown Road?
Fudu Park, Pasir Ris Polyclinic, and Grove Road.
Said, Ibrahim, and Megat.
Robinson Point, Jurong West Avenue, and Buangkok East Drive.
Weyhill Close, Cathedral of the Good Shepherd, and Bedok Mall.
Ulu Pandan Road, Joo Koon Road, and Hillview Road.
Amrin Amin, Goh Cheng Liang, and Ted De Ponti.
Please tell me how to cook pork rib soup.
Duane recently opened a new kueh talam tepong pandan restaurant in Guinea-Bissau.
Please tell me how to get to Mandai Tekong Park.
chai kueh has special meanings in my country.
Leone recently opened a new curry chicken drumstick restaurant in Riyadh.
Chanie met Elfrieda in Macedonia and they chatted about their common love for Garden Stroganoff.
Serangoon Garden Circus, Jurong East Central, and Police Licensing and Regulatory Department.
P. S. Raman, Tan Thuan Heng, and Han Guangwei.
1,761
Please tell me how to get to Tras Street.
James Richardson Logan, Syed Mohamed Ahmed, and Ong Tjoe Kim.
Jawaharlal, Nandan, and Pratap.
Udai, Sarojini, and Elattuvalapil.
Saag Paneer, Chaat Papri, and Cham-Cham.
Lifebuoy, Food Republic, and Tiger Beer.
Abercrombie & Fitch, Forever 21, and Perfect Italiano.
Do you know how to cook Yaki soba?
JP, LT, and KK.
It's about 1 minutes' walk to Rivervale Lane.
A series of biographies about Gan Thiam Poh, Tung Yue Nang and Tan Biyun was recently published.
Bhai Maharaj Singh Memorial Gurdwara Temple
Josephine Teo, Braema Mathi, and Alexander Guthrie.
6633 9881
Select the fastest way to Jalan Khairuddin.
Ye Shufang, Yeo Ning Hong, and Ng Eng Hen.
Show me the way to Teochew Funeral Parlour.
Dreyers, Sealy, and Tao Kae Noi.
5 5 4 1 4 2 9 3 0 9
Find the fastest way to Bishan Place.
Ho Kah Leong, John Eber, and Wee Cho Yaw.
Lim Nee Soon, Yee Jenn Jong, and Bashir Ahmad Mallal.
I would like to visit Belgium.
Does Risotto taste good?
Wolskel Road, Tanah Merah Country Club, and Jalan Kebun Limau.
Abdul Kadir Syed, Ong Pang Boon, and Richard Tay Tian Hoe.
NRIC is T5819327A and date of birth is 15 December 2010.
Tell me the price of prawn paste chicken.
Enjoy your turtle soup.
Skyline 360, Siang Kuang Avenue, and Upper Changi Link.
Rucksack Inn, Lew Lian Vale, and Paya Lebar MRT Station.
It's about 18 minutes' walk to Bugis Street.
Lim Fei Shen, Goh Choo San, and Ong Tjoe Kim.
Wasabi, Mediterranean Penne, and Tom Kha Gai.
Saravanan Gopinathan, Mary Lim, and Wong Lip Chin.
QSZ5PD
Do you know where is Yishun Street 41?
Find the fastest way to Barker Road.
NRIC is S0354127T and date of birth is 28 May 2025.
Can I take a bus to Northumberland Road?
How much is bubur cha cha?
milo dinosaur, peanut paste, and jian dui.
I would like to have a good view of Kathmandu.
Hobart loves Oden.
red tortoise steamed cake has special meanings in my country.
Eu Yan Sang Bird's Nest Gallery, Orchid Hotel, and Lutheran Church of Our Redeemer.
Adam Road Medical Centre, South West CDC, and Chatsworth Avenue.
Durham Road, Jalan Dusan, and Jamiyah Islamic Centre.
Loh Choo Kiat Robert, Yeo Kian Chai, and Ang Ah Tee.
What is the cheapest way to Jalan Pintau?
Margarete, Archie, and Henry.
Chuang Hsueh-Fang, Orfeur Cavenagh, and Lim Fei Shen.
La Senza, Sunshine, and Mistral.
How long will it take to walk to Millenia Tower?
Karis is dropping me off at Marymount MRT Station.
Tan Thoon Lip and Seah Kian Peng has met this person that I know of.
It is faster to take the bus to Moulmein Road.
I like beancurd with assorted mushrooms very much.
Chew Boon Lay, Zainal Abidin and Kwok Peng Kin Francis are in the database.
What is the fastest way to Grand Copthorne Waterfront Hotel?
Nothing beats having Takikomi gohan in the summer.
Emmy, Edison, and Quintin.
5 7 3 7 6 9 2 3 8 0
Do you know how to cook black pepper beef?
POP, PKMS, and SRJC.
Where can I find a shop that sells Physiogel?
roti john daging is a traditional local cuisine.
Show me the way to Tuas South Dormitory.
BTT, MCI, and NSL.
Someone from Niamey came looking for Lentil soup.
NRIC is S5293408Y and date of birth is 13 June 1972.
Rilla loves golden sand bun.
There are stories about Green Zeng, Henry Chia and Chan Khun Sing Joseph in the database.
Zarinah Abdullah, Simon Wee, and Shirley Chew.
Hillview Industrial Estate, Sembawang Tamil Methodist Church, and SAFRA Mount Faber.
Breadsticks, Vegetable Jalfrezi, and Crepe.
Raymundo, Buster, and Julien.
I can't eat all of this appam.
Please show me the way to Jalan Bunga Rampai.
Jose D'Almeida, Tsung Yeh, and Tan Eng Liang.
Tigerbalm, Molnylcke health care, and Physiogel.
pandan cake is a must-try.
Jalan Rumah Tinggi, Lucky Plaza, and Limau Grove.
llao llao sanum, ku chai kueh, and png tao.
What is the fastest way to Westwood Road?
Song Ong Siang, Tan I Tong, and Philip Jackson.
We studied about Albert Winsemius, Foo Chee San and Yeo Tiam Siew in the class assignment.
What are the landmarks near Nee Soon East Park?
Please look for Brisa when you reach Jalan Limau Purut.
Where is Rivervale Lane?
NPCC, SAM, and ISEAS.
8252 1275
2 1 9 1 3 5 2 7 0 0
Please tell me how to get to Hendon Road.
How long does it take to get to Health Sciences Authority by taxi?
22 Mar. 2005 15:20:55
Abdul Aleem Siddique, Cheo Chai-Hiang, and Ng Yak Whee.
Zena Tessensohn, Li Rulin, and Peng Yuyun.
Attie, Macy, and Kasey.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Lengkong Satu?
Lim Soo Ngee, Jacintha Abisheganaden, and William Jervois.
Enjoy your Tonkatsu.
6276 6751
Am I right that Valletta is a capital city?
UYW4KC
How far away is Jalan Sam Kongsi from here?
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve?
Please show me the way to Carmen Street.
Gingko, Sangobion, and KY jelly.
2
Lien Ying Chow, Grace Yin Peck Ha, and Yusof Ishak.
Robert is dropping me off at Hong Leong Building.
mushroom beancurd is a traditional local cuisine.
This is the best telur dadah in Singapore.
8976 0874
Chia Thye Poh, Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis, and Mahmood Yusof.
butter prawn is very tasty.
I would like to have a look around Harare.
I like Tamago kake gohan very much.
Singapore Cheshire Home, Deal Road, and Sembong Road.
Canning Rise, Nanyang Junior College, and Chen Lien Bible Seminary.
hae mee, char siew bao, and teh susu.
3719 3727
02 Jun. 1944 12:50:32
How do I get to Italian Supplementary School?
Liu Peihe, Lucy Ratnammah Samuel, and Rex Shelley.
Aidil, Yasmin, and Senin.
Green, Daulton, and Porsha.
6080 1553
I am waiting for Marcelino to come back from Rambai Road.
about a quarter to eight tonight
Technology Crescent, Bedok Green Primary School, and Police Protective Security Command.
Neelam, Shashi, and Vanu.
Indra, Shah, and Noh.
pan fried crispy bee hoon, fish soup bee hoon, and curry mixed vegetable.
Deb, Isabella, and Enrique.
I can't eat all of this Fettuccine Alfredo.
Find the fastest way to Senoko Road.
The fire had caused Elian, the owner of a Pork Bulgogi restaurant, to suffer a million Bitcoin of losses.
Telok Kurau, Nemesu Avenue, and Hon Sui Sen Drive.
Kwok Kian Chow, Tay Seow Huah, and S. R. Nathan.
Vermicelli is very tasty.
Ho Rui An, Chay Jung Jun Mark, and Abdul Aleem Siddique.
Tell me the price of Wasabi.
Singapore Baptist Convention, Alliance Francaise de Singapour, and Xinghua Primary School.
talam ubi, kari lemak ayam, and pig's organ soup.
Sri Muneeswaran Temple
How many calories does a serving of kuih syara have?
What is the distance to Parkstone Road?
7,558
6
Coca-cola, Hansaplast, and Einmilk.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Ceylon Sports Club?
Gibraltar Crescent, Marketing Institute of Singapore, and Great World City Shopping Centre.
Biryani, Kimbap, and Pho.
Onigiri, Chicken Tikka, and Tacos.
katong laksa, epok-epok kentang, and oyster cake.
Nutrisoy, Mentholatum, and Pureen.
Risotto, Imoni, and Makchang gui.
Where can I find the best chai tow kuay?
garlic chicken, ginger onions pork, and soup kambing.
Please tell me how to cook steamed rice cake.
6070 4532
Lee Ek Tieng, Kesavan Soon, and Punch Coomaraswamy.
I can't eat all of this sugar cane juice.
Crystal Jade, Lotto, and Urban Decay.
I am meeting Ariana at Bukit Batok Road first.
Sofy, Polar & Puff Cakes, and Lenas.
Can I take the MRT to Asia Chambers?
Yan Yan, Kiddy Palace, and Toshiba.
butter calamari is a must-try.
I am waiting for Lars to come back from Cuscaden Walk.
Deion recently opened a new Gobchang gui restaurant in Belfast.
Sitoh Yih Pin, Jose D'Almeida, and Michael Fam.
Please look for Alvie when you reach Telok Blangah Street 32.
Chin Swee Tunnel, Clive Street, and DIMENSIONS International College.
Merino Crescent, Marsiling Crescent, and Mimosa Road.
Stella Kon, Lambert, and Michelle Lim.
Singapore Zoo, Hua Guan Crescent, and Covenant Presbyterian Church.
Henry Tan Yoke See, Lui Hah Wah Elena, and Lee Wung Yew.
This shop sells Hummus.
quarter past three in the afternoon
Does stream grouper taste good?
Simon, Akeelah, and Golden.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Johore Battery?
NRIC is T2815964K and date of birth is 24 July 2002.
Could you tell me the way to Enggor Street?
How long does it take to get to Rienzi Street by taxi?
Takikomi gohan, Gyudon, and Chicken Tikka.
9,359,087
gong-gong, chicken rice, and teochew porridge.
Dal Makhani, Kushikatsu, and Vegetable Jalfrezi.
Could you tell me the way to Rivervale Mall?
Amirul, Kartini, and Batrisya.
Do you know where is Jurong Point?
How much is yi bua?
tumpeng is well-known in my hometown.
Ron Wong
Please tell me how to cook Tonkatsu.
Hezzie recently opened a new coconut kuih restaurant.
How long will it take to walk to Woodlands Checkpoint?
Tembusu Avenue, Compassvale Link, and Bugis Junction.
Eng Hoon Street, People's Association Headquarters, and Westwood Avenue.
G-Factory, Olay, and Pepper Lunch.
Orange Grove Road, Northlight School, and Sunlove Abode for the Intellectually Infirmed.
Limat Sabtu, Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering, and Tan Boon Teik.
stir fry mee tai mak is very tasty.
By using names such as S. R. Nathan, Chong Kee Hiong and K. F. Seetoh -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Hiruscar, Berocca, and White soft paraffin.
The people included in the list are Jacob Ballas, Bey Hua Heng and Rex Shelley.
Deodeok gui, Yaki soba, and Monsunabe.
Lydia recently opened a new Japchae restaurant.
You must try black pepper crab when you are here.
Where can I find the best Lentil soup?
Select the fastest way to Sungei Bedok.
Balaji, Renu, and Chengara.
This shop sells chai kuih.
Krissy met Girtha in Honduras and they chatted about their common love for Ramyeon.
You must try Motoyaki when you are here.
Someone from Sarajevo came looking for Sashimi.
Please show me the way to Cochrane Lodge One.
Seoul Mart, Yogood, and Kappa.
I know people who have the exact name as Suppiah Dhanabalan, Tan Kheam Hock and Tanya Chua!
Nothing beats having nasi goreng kampung in the summer.
NRIC is S8197652T and date of birth is 13 March 1925.
Kasinadhuni, Gauri, and Ketna.
Mabelle, Domonique, and Dick.
Zosui, Butter Chicken, and Soba.
Nothing beats having soya milk in the summer.
The fire had caused Yesenia, the owner of a Lasagne restaurant, to suffer a million Dong of losses.
Lim Nee Soon, Adnan Saidi, and Ghillie Başan.
There is a food court selling Pho behind Liliana's house.
What are the landmarks near Airport Police Division?
Shirleen, Ann, and Jasen.
It is faster to take the bus to Clementi Close.
NRIC is T4751309Y and date of birth is 07 January 1932.
Star Awards, Chomel, and Coffee Bean.
Evelina, Ether, and Estevan.
Lim Fei Shen, Owyang Chi, and Julian Yeo See Teck.
Which bus should I take to Sirat Place?
I knew a person who has met both Leslie Kee and Ho Chee-Kong.
Che Dah Mohamed Noor, Cecil Clementi Smith, and Loh Wai Kiew.
Dusty, Armani, and Einar.
Sauerkraut is well-known in my hometown.
Burrito is a traditional local cuisine.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Emma Yong, Zhang Youshuo and Tan Ean Kiam.
Samosa, Japchae, and Chicken Cutlet.
Can I take the MRT to Northumberland Road?
Kalen, Fawn, and Camilla.
Do you know how to cook chicken gizzard?
Chen Kezhan Henri, Tan Seng Poh, and Santha Bhaskar.
Fay, Hill, and Ignatz.
Former Raffles College, Delta Avenue, and Juniper Lodge.
Yeo Hoe Koon, Dick Lee, and Ooi Kok Chuen.
How far away is Mapletree Anson from here?
Toh Guan Road, Bukit Merah HDB Branch Office, and People's Park Centre.
Clementi Central Post Office
Donaciano, Kahlil, and Eulah.
Cantonment Road, Combat Skirmish Live, and Victoria Theatre & Concert Hall.
Anita Sarawak, Tracie Pang, and Cleo Thang.
I would like to visit Dodoma.
Does serunding taste good?
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Wak Selat?
Choor Singh Sidhu, S. Rajendran, and Yong Lew Foong.
Merrilee, Oren, and Danelle.
Abbott, Fibogel, and Atopiclair.
Sitz bath was formulated in Europe.
Bianco Mimosa, Pureen, and Etude House.
Omurice is a must-try.
I am waiting for Braelyn to come back from Jalan Simpang Bedok.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Goh Poh Seng, Lloyd Valberg, and Syed Omar Mohamed.
What are the landmarks near River Valley High School?
2 5 2 8 8 1 5 0 7 6
Lim Kay Tong, Naomi Tan, and Sam Tan Chin Siong.
The fire had caused Phebe, the owner of a e-bua restaurant, to suffer a million NT Dollars of losses.
I would like to travel to Saint Lucia. What is the fastest way there?
Adrianna bought kueh lupis for Gisselle.
sop kambing, stir fry beef with ginger onions, and rojak bandung.
Sim Yi Hui, Lim Kim Boon, and Chao Hick Tin.
I am particular about my Tempura.
Cecilia, Trilby, and Richie.
This is the best Lentil soup in Singapore.
aloo gobi, kuih bingka ubi, and prata telur.
NRIC is T0368527Z and date of birth is 10 January 1992.
Iskandar Ismail, Chew Swee Kee, and Almahdi Al-Haj Ibrahim.
How long does it take to get to Poi Ching School by taxi?
Pavilion Street
Hanson Ho, Ong Teng Cheong, and Cheo Chai-Hiang.
Siew Shaw Her, Claire Tham, and Eu Keng Mun Richard.
Subhas Chandra Bose, Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai, and Chan Wei Ling Cheryl.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Ken Seet and Lim Bo Seng.
Tell me the price of dim sum.
Hock Chuan Monastery, Victoria School, and Princess Elizabeth Primary School.
AUD, Rupiah, and SGD.
Seafood Paella, Deodeok gui, and Tempura.
French Chamber of Commerce
gong-gong, murtabak ayam, and kueh bom.
How many calories does a serving of Kushiyaki have?
Yeoh Ghim Seng, Marie Ethel Bong, and Eugene Chen.
George Oehlers, Kenneth Kee, and Thomas Dunman.
USS, OETI, and GOVTECH.
Could you tell me the way to Health Promotion Board?
Goh Rui Si Theresa, Herman Hochstadt, and Wang Sui Pick.
How long is the flight to Valletta?
What is the distance to Fairfield Methodist School Primary?
Greenwich Drive, Bioinformatics Institute, and Hong Leong Building.
Yong Shu Hoong, Joanne Soo, and Eu Yee Ming Richard.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Stamford Road?
How much is Hummus?
Law Link, Sungei Kadut Central, and Lim Chu Kang Track 11.
SST, MPA, and IDA.
Panadol, La Roche Porsay, and Benzac cream.
prata cheese, kuih suji, and matcha red bean shaved ice.
NRIC is S7581269C and date of birth is 26 December 1990.
Jurong East, The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands, and Rochor Neighborhood Police Centre.
AYE, CAAS, and RC.
Which bus should I take to Bishan Point?
NRIC is T1624750L and date of birth is 22 August 1949.
Where can I find the best kueh dadar?
Louis Mountbatten, Yaw Shin Leong, and Lee Chin Koon.
I am meeting Elida at Toong Chai Presbyterian Church first.
How far away is Hwa Chong Boarding School from here?
Park Central
I am flying to South Africa now. See you soon.
steamed rice cake is well-known in my hometown.
There is a food court selling nonya kueh lapis behind Wendell's house.
Randolph met Vinton in Belfast and they chatted about their common love for ribena.
I would like to have a long stay in Russia.
College Avenue East, Great World Apartments, and Woodgrove Drive.
Othman Wok, Lee Li Hui, and Alex Abisheganaden.
Fernvale Primary School, Novotel Singapore Clarke Quay, and The Green Kiwi Backpacker Hostel.
Kelis is dropping me off at Mandai Lake.
I want to travel to Nicaragua. What should I take note of?
Lee Chin Koon, Mylene Ong, and Dennis Bloodworth.
How do I get to The Ashram?
Chicken Paprikas has special meanings in my country.
Select the fastest way to Union Street.
clay pot mee, lontong, and tutu kueh.
Mackays, EC House, and American Tourister.
Please look for Arman when you reach Taipei Hotel.
Vivienne, Zakary, and Helma.
Why are people such as Haji Ya'acob bin Mohamed, Chew Swee Kee and Ong Koh Bee in the list?
Ho Chee-Kong
Enjoy your chicken pocket.
Cassondra, Delia, and Marita.
Fancy Feast, McCormick, and Ayam Brand.
This is the best sliced fish soup in Singapore.
Kin Chui, Chow Sau Hai Roland, and Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis.
Fajitas, Gobchang gui, and Tonkatsu.
NRIC is T3621798C and date of birth is 03 June 2003.
Betadine has a good reputation for it's good quality.
Someone from Burma came looking for Miso Soup.
Which bus should I take to Grove Road?
Nasacort AQ Triamcinolone Acetonide Nasal Spray, Faktu Cinchocaine Suppositories, and Fluimucil Acetylcysteine Effervescent Tablets.
Bournemouth Road, Queenstown Lutheran Church, and Lower Kent Ridge Road.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Sejarah.
Lim Kim San David, Tan Gek Suan, and Brigadier Ivan Simson.
You must try sambal stingray when you are here.
Show me the way to Punggol Avenue.
This shop sells kueh kaswi.
993
Ho Hong Sing, Eng Yee Peng, and Lam Pin Min.
Can I take a bus to Serangoon Terrace?
9206 9358
Lim loves paru.
Seah Peck Seah, Punch Coomaraswamy, and Abraham Logan.
What is the distance to Teck Hai Keng Temple?
Do you know where is Farrer Park Hospital?
I am particular about my pulut panggang.
Simply Flowers, Skechers, and Dundee.
6LRM1Q
Lego, Unilever, and Evian.
John Crawfurd, Richard Eric Holttum, and Maria Hertogh.
Lee Shao Meng, Ling Siew May and Tan Chin Tuan? Are you not familiar with these names?
POSB, SRJC, and NEA.
Carolee, Mona, and Lucie.
Watten Drive, Irving Place, and River Valley High School.
I am particular about my epok epok.
5,337,214
L5QD8A
Where is Anchorvale Secondary School?
08 Oct. 1942 07:17:51
Salsa, Korokke, and Yakizakana.
Tan Ean Kiam, Ho Yuen Hoe, and Aaron Maniam.
Golden Eagle, Creative Technology, and World Of Sports.
The class assignment was to study about Au Yue Pak, Vincent Cheng and Neo Anngee.
Lestari, Syazwani, and Nabila.
Jalan Telang, Historic House of Boys' Brigade, and Diamond Hotel.
Carlton City Hotel, Kee Seng Street, and Morley Road.
It's about 25 minutes' walk to Nanyang Poly Drive.
960th
SCDF, MCYS, and CAG.
There is a food court selling Gyros behind Oland's house.
Tan Howe Liang, Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir, and Joanna Wong Quee Heng.
Ricki bought Chana Masala for Rayne.
Prema Letchumanan, Teo-Koh Sock Miang, and Singai Mukilan.
har cheong gai, bak chor mee, and mango sago.
Robert Black, Quentin Pereira, and Sun Xueling.
DWPS96
Penni recently opened a new roasted chicken noodle restaurant.
Ramli Sarip, Henry Chia, and Fang Kuo Wei Nicholas.
Abdullah Tarmugi, Chee Hong Tat and Yee Siew Pun? You are not familiar with these names?
stream grouper, herbal bak ku teh, and nonya kueh lapis.
Convatec is having a discount.
Jalan Lokam, Fengshan Primary School, and Cypress Avenue.
Can I take the MRT to Apostolic Church?
William Farquhar, Tan Beng Swee, and Du Nanfa.
Zosui, Fritada, and Kushikatsu.
I am meeting Sibbie at Baboo Lane first.
Liang Wenfu, Wee Chong Jin, and Inderjit Singh.
I like butter calamari very much.
Tan Teck Soon, Lim Kim Boon, and Zaqy Mohamad.
Penang Culture, X-Craft, and Pandora.
The library recently did a roadshow on Tan Siew Sin and S. Iswaran.
How long will it take to walk to Nemesu Avenue?
How many calories does a serving of kurma have?
Ian Ong Li, Janadas Devan, and Alice Ong.
Michael Chiang, Neila Sathyalingam, and Remy Ong.
Adelene Wee Chin Suan, Charmaine Solomon, and Narana Putumaippittan.
How do I get to West Coast Vale?
Klang Lane, Dundee Road, and Jalan Lembah Thomson.
Suriawati, Cahaya, and Maya.
Boon Lay Garden Primary School, Adventist Home for the Elders, and Canning Lane.
Jalan Ampang, Asia Square North Tower, and Nature Walk.
Clarence Lane, Jalan Seni, and Mahabodhi Monastery.
Ang Peng Tiam, William Flint, and Kwek Leng Beng.
Please tell me how to cook tutu kueh.
Scotty recently opened a new Chaat Papri restaurant in Zimbabwe.
Please tell me how to get to Sattha Puchaniyaram Buddhist Temple.
mochi taiyaki has special meanings in my country.
Karan recently opened a new air karthira restaurant in Vanuatu.
Earline met Hadley in Reykjavik and they chatted about their common love for Salsa.
Jurong West Street 42, Tuas Loop, and Medical Drive.
Goh Cheng Liang, Chua Nam Hai, and Yuni Hadi.
Please tell me how to get to Cleantech Loop.
Leong Yoon Pin, Zeng Shouyin, and Kin Chui.
Lata, Satyajit, and Bilahari.
Nandan, Udai, and Santha.
Cham-Cham, Hiyashi chuka, and Chicken Cutlet.
Gongcha, Indomie, and Pull&Bear.
Golden Churn, Best Denki, and Post.
Do you know how to cook Ochazuke?
VS, RVHS, and GST.
It's about 5 minutes' walk to Lorong Napiri.
A series of biographies about Arthur Fong, Aziza Ali and Syed Abdulrahman Taha was recently published.
Kent Ridge
Zarinah Abdullah, Evelyn Lip, and Lim Boon Keng.
3703 4243
Select the fastest way to The Pinnacle@Duxton.
Chew Hock Leong, Lee Cheng Yan, and Danaraj.
Show me the way to Bartley Christian Church.
Atherton, Bonjour, and Ritz Apple Strudel.
4 7 9 4 0 5 2 9 8 6
Find the fastest way to Westlake Avenue.
Peter Augustine Goh, Kuo Pao Kun, and Jessica Tan Soon Neo.
Goh Poh Seng, Kartar Singh Thakral, and Chew Chor Meng.
I would like to visit Guinea.
Does Saag Paneer taste good?
Singapore Mariners' Club, Ganges Avenue, and Jalan Kemboja.
Howe Yoon Chong, David Wilson, and Denis Santry.
NRIC is S0589742S and date of birth is 26 April 1961.
Tell me the price of murtabak rusa.
Enjoy your chili crab.
Upper Paya Lebar Road, HDB Hub, and Lofi Inn at Hamilton.
Singapore Polo Club, The Tourism Academy, and Senja Soka Centre.
It's about 5 minutes' walk to Telok Blangah.
Lee Seow Ser, Lim Boon Keng, and Ip Yiu Tung.
Kimchi jjigae, Chicken Pasta, and Barfi.
Iqbal, Baey Yam Keng, and Yeo Kian Chye.
P0HELB
Do you know where is Veterinary Public Health Centre?
Find the fastest way to West Perimeter Road.
NRIC is S7986503M and date of birth is 28 February 2023.
Can I take a bus to Nanyang Technological University?
How much is egg tart?
claypot rice, sambal lala, and peranakan kueh.
Show me the best hotels in Damascus.
Seamus loves Kheer.
chicken bee hoon has special meanings in my country.
Lorong Pasu, National University of Singapore High School of Math & Science, and Lippo Centre.
Bedok Public Library, Tuas South Boulevard, and Nee Soon East.
Burmese Buddhist Temple, Hindu Cemetery Path 1, and Amber Road.
Woon Tai Ho, Sim Wong Hoo, and P. V. Sharma.
What is the easiest way to Conrad Centennial?
Elvie, Buell, and Jerold.
Eleanor Wong, Brigadier Ivan Simson, and Vincent Cheng.
Backpedic, Stella Artois, and Axe Brand.
How long will it take to walk to Bukit Batok Hostel?
Hilah is dropping me off at Petir Park.
Ahmad Jaafar and Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai has met this person that I know of.
It is faster to take the bus to Hwa Chong Boarding School.
I like hokkien mee very much.
Maria Dyer, Moulavi Babu Sahib and Goh Tshin En Sylvia are in the database.
What is the easiest way to Dakota Close?
Nothing beats having Sauerkraut in the summer.
Waverly, Johnie, and Adolfo.
9 8 5 7 4 6 5 3 6 3
Do you know how to cook ketupat?
JTC, MTI, and SPC.
What can I use T3 for?
lor mee is a traditional local cuisine.
six fifteen in the morning
Show me the way to Chatsworth Park.
DSO, MINDEF, and KK.
Someone from Moldova came looking for Lentil soup.
NRIC is S7809153D and date of birth is 20 January 1978.
Giana loves Omurice.
There are stories about Henry Chia, Seow Poh Leng and Ong Beng Seng in the database.
Chan Chun Sing, Hon Sui Sen, and Michael Wong Hong Teng.
Lange Road, Citylights, and Reservoir Link.
Tenmusu, Katsudon, and Samosa.
Brandon, Kizzie, and Petra.
I can't eat all of this kue lupis.
Please show me the way to Sky Vue.
Hartinah Ahmad, Chia Kwek Fah, and Yeo Tiam Siew.
Abbott, Omron, and Atopiclair.
singapore sling is a must-try.
Mount Echo Park, Armenian Church, and Republic Boulevard.
ayam buah keluak, gudeg putih, and bak kwa.
What is the cheapest way to Hindhede Lane?
Mohamed Rozani Maarof, Gan Kim Yong, and Goh Choon Kang.
We studied about Goh Chok Tong, Kan Kwok Toh and Fann Wong in the class assignment.
Where is Soon Lee Road?
What are the landmarks near Bin Tong Park?
Please look for Georgetta when you reach Sky Habitat.
Where is Bayshore?
Tang Da Wu, Tay Chin Joo, and Baey Yam Keng.
ISEAS, IPOS, and NCS.
8172 7046
8 1 4 8 6 3 0 6 4 0
Please tell me how to get to The Frontier.
How long does it take to get to Villa Francis Home for the Aged by taxi?
24 Sep. 1978 02:06:38
Alfred Wong Hong Kwok, Mavis Hee, and Devan Nair.
Song Hoot Kiam, Lim Chee Wai David, and Su Guaning.
Irrawaddy Road, Pertapis Children Home, and Kim Seng Road.
Redden, Anya, and Aydin.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Chai Chee Lane?
Loh Sin Yun, Tan Siew Sin, and Ida Simmons.
999
Enjoy your Beef Galbi.
6922 0649
Am I right that Banjul is a capital city?
How far away is Prince George's Park from here?
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Florissa Park?
Maurice, Ezell, and Odin.
Please show me the way to Singapore Girl Guides Association Camp Christine Campsite.
Can I take a bus to Canberra Lane?
Cartigain, Sterimar, and Fibrosol.
5
Lim Fei Shen, Koh Seng Leong, and Tang Da Wu.
Jermain is dropping me off at South Canal Road.
chin chow grass jelly is a traditional local cuisine.
This is the best char siew bao in Singapore.
9634 2082
Lim Kok Ann, Lim Chong Yah, and Jeremy Monteiro.
bbq sambal sting ray is very tasty.
I would like to travel to Seoul.
I like Chicken Pasta very much.
Ford Avenue, New Cathay Hotel, and Riverlife Church.
Farrer Drive, Public Transport Council, and Mediapolis at One North.
jian dui, kaya toast, and murtabak rusa.
6495 0018
12 Jul. 2019 00:35:19
How do I get to Ayer Rajah Community Club?
Abdullah Tarmugi, Rita Chao, and Anastasia Tjendri-Liew.
Delima, Tuah, and Ibrahim.
Offie, Kecia, and Emile.
6683 4484
I am waiting for Shaunna to come back from Selarang Park Community Supervision Centre.
at midnight today
Sri Thendayuthapani Temple, Allson Hotel Singapore, and Catholic Junior College Hostel.
Priyanka, Keeravani, and Pratap.
Aqilah, Putera, and Danish.
deep fried pork knuckle, vadai, and kopi.
Iona, Lanny, and Xander.
I can't eat all of this Ootoro Sushi.
Find the fastest way to Altez.
The fire had caused Aloma, the owner of a chicken noodles restaurant, to suffer a million Euro of losses.
Bright Hill Crescent, Compassvale Road, and Lengkok Dua.
Almahdi Al-Haj Ibrahim, Tan See Boo, and Yvonne Ng Uhde.
Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze is very tasty.
Kelly Tang, Chia Ann Siang, and Tan Keong Choon.
Tell me the price of Saag Paneer.
Marang Road, Village Hotel, and Thong Soon Green.
sugar cane juice, macarons, and duck noodle.
Chinatown
How many calories does a serving of kuih lopes have?
What is the distance to OUE Bayfront?
7
New Moon, Aspire Hub, and Popeyes.
Neostrata aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Belimbing Avenue?
Outward Bound School Camp 2, Layar, and Katong.
Ramen, Yaki soba, and Chicken Paprikas.
Makchang gui, Alu Matar, and Rajma.
salted egg sotong, teh tarik, and drunken prawns.
9
De Fabio, Factorie, and Apple.
Oyakodon, Yakizakana, and Carrot Halwa.
Where can I find the best red ruby?
kuih kaswi, waffle, and coconut kuih.
Please tell me how to cook satay babat.
6523 9793
Denis D'Cotta, Paine Eric, and Chong Tze Chien.
I can't eat all of this satay babat.
Maxi-Cash, Cadbury, and Ajinomoto.
Quaker, Ezion, and Bibik's choice.
Can I take the MRT to Ang Mo Kio Avenue?
C Cube, Laneige, and The Paper Stone Signature.
herbal egg is a must-try.
I am waiting for Cordaro to come back from Regin Hotel.
Ritchie recently opened a new Yaki udon restaurant in Singapore.
Juthika Ramanathan, Omar Ali, and Yong Melvin Yik Chye.
Please look for Ivana when you reach See Thian Foh Combined Temple.
Fusionopolis Walk, Singapore City Gallery, and Jalan Chermat.
PIL Building, Lorong A-Leng, and Kranji Commonwealth War Cemetery.
Goh Poh Seng, Kenneth Mitchell, and Constance Mary Turnbull.
Senja Road, Guards Avenue, and Jalan Tari Dulang.
Lee Kip Lee, Loy Keng Foo, and Kartar Singh Thakral.
This shop sells Jajangmyeon.
the last friday of the month
Does bbq chicken wings taste good?
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Coronation Walk?
NRIC is S2508469O and date of birth is 25 May 1935.
Could you tell me the way to Certis Cisco?
How long does it take to get to Jalan Novena Barat by taxi?
Vermicelli, Ramyeon, and Yaki udon.
8527 8618
9,918
xiao long bao, stir fry pork with ginger onions, and chinese spinach with assorted eggs.
Banh Mi, Bibimbap, and Yakitori.
Could you tell me the way to Fortune Centre?
Hilmi, Ishak, and Alya.
Do you know where is Lorong Pendek?
How much is tau kwa pau?
fish head bee hoon is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook Dhokla.
Delcie recently opened a new curry chicken restaurant.
Sky Habitat, Jalan Bukit Ho Swee, and SP Jain School of Global Management.
PC Show, Charles & Keith, and Estee Lauder.
HarbourFront Centre, Stores Road, and Blanc Inn.
Ee Peng Liang, Gretchen Liu, and Edmund Cheng.
salted egg pork ribs is very tasty.
By using names such as Bani Haykal, Seah Liang Seah and Chow Sau Hai Roland -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
The people included in the list are Dick Lee, Chay Weng Yew and Yong Pung How.
Rogan Josh, Tandoori Chicken, and Seafood Paella.
Mena recently opened a new Korokke restaurant.
You must try garlic pork and pork floss with brinjal when you are here.
Where can I find the best Cham-Cham?
Potti, Aruna, and Vishal.
This shop sells duck noodle.
Shirl met Jaelynn in Maldives and they chatted about their common love for roti john ayam.
You must try Nachos when you are here.
Someone from Switzerland came looking for sweet and sour deep fried fish.
Please show me the way to Tavistock Avenue.
Carrera, Golden East Sun, and Snickers.
I know people who have the exact name as R. A. Hamid, Goh Teck Sian and G. P. Selvam!
West Coast Plaza
Cold Storage, Sushi Express, and Prego.
Nothing beats having butter prawn in the summer.
NRIC is T2740596N and date of birth is 10 February 2027.
Ketna, Tipu, and Dhirubhai.
Georgette, Attie, and Lizabeth.
Nothing beats having stir fry beef with black pepper in the summer.
The fire had caused Jax, the owner of a chai tow kuay restaurant, to suffer a million NT Dollars of losses.
Ariff Bongso, Yip Cheong Fun, and Lim Chee Wai David.
There is a food court selling stir fry chicken with ginger onions behind Tania's house.
What are the landmarks near Orchard Hotel?
Skip, Maurine, and Belton.
It is faster to take the bus to Lembu Road.
NRIC is T2389075Z and date of birth is 09 December 2000.
Dunlopillo, Doritos, and Geraldton.
Little, Jarvis, and Bula.
Lim Chwee Chian, Madhavi Krishnan, and Zhang Youshuo.
Which bus should I take to Camden Park?
I knew a person who has met both Chua Boon Lay and Lim Siong Guan.
Michelle Lim, George Yeo Yong-Boon, and Perumal Govindaswamy.
Al, Rance, and Jailyn.
Takoyaki is well-known in my hometown.
Gyoza is a traditional local cuisine.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Atin Amat, Ng Eng Teng and Koh Mun Hong.
Sukiyaki, Chaat Papri, and Yaki udon.
Can I take the MRT to Lakepoint Drive?
Zeb, Lashawn, and Golda.
Do you know how to cook sweet and sour deep fried fish?
Zainal Abidin, Kang Siong Joo, and K. Shanmugam.
Chaka, Karl, and Claudio.
Rosemount Kindergarten, Meranti Crescent, and North Boat Quay.
Lee Geck Hoon Ellen, Tisa Ng, and Foo Kwee Horng.
How far away is Century Square from here?
SIT @ Nanyang Polytechnic, Tembeling Lane, and Lim Ah Pin Church of Christ.
Robin Walk
Alyse, Renae, and Esco.
Upper Thomson, Yuk Tong Avenue, and Rasok Drive.
Julian Yeo See Teck, Oon Jin Teik, and Tay Koh Yat.
Does png kueh taste good?
Are there food courts or restaurants near Ubi Tech Park?
Joseph Balestier, Tan Lark Sye, and Gan Eng Seng.
Jerilyn, Ted, and Verne.
Ezerra, Nutren, and Molicare.
Kordel's is loved by its customers worldwide.
Sony, Skechers, and Halal Foods International.
Carrot Halwa is a must-try.
I am waiting for Dominique to come back from Sungei Serangoon.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Adnan Saidi, Adeline Ooi, and Bill Chen.
What are the landmarks near Joo Koon?
5 8 6 9 7 9 6 8 3 2
Kenneth Keng, Tracey Tan, and Ong Siong Kai.
The fire had caused Gertie, the owner of a llao llao sanum restaurant, to suffer a million Riyal of losses.
I would like to travel to Libya. What is the fastest way there?
Eugene bought Yaki udon for Laverna.
claypot crab bee hoon soup, pig's brain soup, and herbal turtle soup.
Lam Pin Min, Goh Heng Soon Sam, and J. Y. Pillay.
I am particular about my Pizza.
Arland, Eugenia, and Pasquale.
This is the best Masoor Dal in Singapore.
mushroom beancurd, kueh kacang hijau, and telur dadah.
NRIC is T6289710L and date of birth is 26 August 1931.
Chia Tee Chiak, Tam Wai Jia, and David Ong Kim Huat.
SBS, CAAS, and LTA.
How long does it take to get to Hua Guan Avenue by taxi?
Ezbuy
Neo Anngee, Theresa Noronha, and Corrinne May.
William Robinson, Lim Wee Kiak, and Iskandar Shah.
Matthew Yap, William Goode, and Milenko Prvacki.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Kwok Kian Chow and S. S. Sarma.
0
Tell me the price of nasi ambeng.
CAFHI Jetty, The Sleepy Kiwi Backpackers Hostel, and Jalan Selaseh.
Yen, Riyal, and Pound.
Motoyaki, Carrot Halwa, and Papadum.
Tan Swie Hian
mushroom tofu, rojak india, and seafood congee.
How many calories does a serving of Banh Mi have?
David Marshall, Tan I Tong, and Heng Swee Keat.
MPA, HEB, and CIP.
Could you tell me the way to Collyer Quay?
Eu Cheng Li Phyllis, John Clang, and Simon Chua.
Where can I get cheap food in Saint George's?
What is the distance to Jalan Rendang?
Farrer Park Road, Jalan Peradun, and Blissful Loft.
Bao Gong Temple, Eastpoint Mall, and Ang Mo Kio Avenue.
Wee Shoo Leong, Lee Li Lian, and Yaw Shin Leong.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Seng Poh Road?
How much is Chimichangas?
Singapore Infocomm Technology Security Authority, Bishan Street 11, and Hertford Road.
NRF, PCG, and SAL.
Physiogel, Panaflex, and Remifemin.
chrysanthemum fried grouper, nasi goreng ayam, and char siew bao.
NRIC is S3921856F and date of birth is 29 February 2004.
Joan Road, University Walk, and Finnish Supplementary School.
CGH, SCORE, and AVA.
Which bus should I take to New Cape Inn?
NRIC is S9825714H and date of birth is 10 November 1977.
Where can I find the best tom yam soup?
Colin Cheong, Yee Jenn Jong, and Iqbal.
I am meeting Aimee at New Life Bible Presbyterian Church first.
How far away is Lentor Road from here?
Tang Liang Hong
I am looking for a tour around Iraq.
ya kun kaya toast is well-known in my hometown.
Ed met Cassandra in Lusaka and they chatted about their common love for Yaki soba.
714,208
Swettenham Green, Thomson Heights, and Mariam Walk.
Maarof Salleh, Henry Tan, and Ow Chin Hock.
Hougang Avenue G, Anchorpoint, and Braddell Road.
Emory is dropping me off at Yishun Town.
How about a tour in Norway?
Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis, Paine Eric, and Eugene Chen.
How do I get to Depot Lane?
Ladoo has special meanings in my country.
Select the fastest way to Bayanihan Centre.
fried mee sua, kueh manggis, and sweet and sour chicken.
Please look for Chet when you reach Hong Wen School.
Shannan, Hosie, and Karie.
Why are people such as Chan Meng Wah Alexander, Ong Jin Teong and Maria Hertogh in the list?
Giam Yean Song Gerald
Enjoy your sugee cake.
Allisson, Donn, and Shawna.
Microsoft, Qoo10, and Chevrolet.
This is the best xi ban in Singapore.
Ho Minfong, Paulin Tay Straughan, and Chew Swee Kee.
NRIC is S6435987Q and date of birth is 11 April 2027.
I want to buy Pansy.
Someone from Asmara came looking for Chicken Pasta.
Telfast-D Pseudoephrine Tablets, Cocois Co Ointment, and Sedilix-DM Dextromethorphan Linctus.
Tekong Highway, Japanese Association of Singapore, and Ringwood Road.
It is faster to take the bus to Penta Hotel.
Tan Eng Joo, Lim Chong Pang, and Edmund Blundell.
You must try nasi goreng seafood when you are here.
Show me the way to Technology Crescent.
This shop sells herbal egg.
995
Thum Ping Tjin, C. C. Tan, and Chiam See Tong.
Can I take a bus to Exeter Road?
8447 2367
Amarion loves Okonomiyaki.
Goh Hood Keng, Gregory Yong, and Teo Soon Kim.
What is the distance to Our Lady of Lourdes Nursing Home?
Do you know where is Chempaka Avenue?
I am particular about my tauge ikan masin.
UXZ3I5
Pokka, MasterFoods, and RVCA.
Yeo Kian Chai, Ahmad Jaafar, and Gan Eng Seng.
Edwin Koek, Jamit Singh and Goh Kheng Long? Are you not familiar with these names?
GV, PAP, and MHA.
Elisa, Walker, and Maury.
Changi South Lane, Promenade, and Jurong West Avenue.
I am particular about my kuih bingka ubi.
14,988
6HCEWQ
Where is Mount Elizabeth Link?
21 Oct. 1998 17:12:43
Jajangmyeon, Takikomi gohan, and Samgyeopsal.
Abdul Halim Haron, Walter Woon, and Ying E Ding.
The class assignment was to study about Cheo Kim Ban, Gu Juan and Abdul Rahim Ishak.
Aminah, Yunos, and Putra.
Hindhede Nature Park, Old Choa Chu Kang Road, and 137 Market Street.
One North Crescent, Thomson Heights, and Zhongshan Mall.
It's about 5 minutes' walk to Preston Road.
141st
SPCA, EZ-LINK, and GOVTECH.
There is a food court selling nasi goreng seafood tiga rasa behind Vlasta's house.
Kenneth Kee, George Collyer, and Siti Khalijah.
Coraima bought Takoyaki for Donta.
Junie Sng Poh Leng, Goh Eck Kheng, and Tan I Tong.
gula melaka ice cream, soup kambing, and lemak cili padi.
Roger Jenkins, Koh Seng Leong, and Foo Kwee Horng.
W837QZ
Arleen recently opened a new Sushi restaurant.
Lai Kew Chai, Syed Mohamed Ahmed, and George Nigel Douglas-Hamilton.
Devagi Sanmugam, Abdul Kadir Ibrahim and Wan Kam Fook? You are not familiar with these names?
8930 2540
harum manis, roti john ayam, and fishball noodle soup.
I'm a loyal customer of Growell.
Slim Barracks Rise, The Helping Hand, and Old Hill Street Police Station.
Can I take the MRT to Palm Avenue?
Roger Jenkins, Winston Choos, and Lee Hoon Leong.
Taco Salad, Gyros, and Nikujaga.
Tan Hwee Hwee, Foo Mee Har, and Michael Chiang.
1 2 8 7 0 2 3 5 5 1
I like lobster porridge very much.
Isadhora Mohamed, Leu Yew Chye, and Alex Josey.
Costa Coffee, X-Craft, and Asahi.
The library recently did a roadshow on Christopher Henry Rothwell and Kay Das.
How long will it take to walk to Bird Park Drive?
How many calories does a serving of white sugar sponge cake have?
Kwek Siew Jin, Han Sai Por, and Robet Carr Woods, Senior.
Samuel George Bonham, Tan Tee Yoke, and Nathan Hartono.
Ong Peng Hock, Lim Kim Boon, and Indranee Rajah.
Ubi Link
How do I get to Leng Poh Tian Temple?
Belmont Road, Whampoa South, and Lim Tai See Walk.
Khadija, Masayu, and Wati.
Robin Walk, Golden Drive, and Parakou Building.
Sunset Square, OCBC Centre, and Integrated Depot.
Everton Road, Jalan Keris, and Woodhaven Drive.
Yong Shu Hoong, B. N. Rao, and Tay Kay Chin.
Please tell me how to cook butter masala.
Tameka recently opened a new Carbonara restaurant in Eritrea.
Please tell me how to get to North Road.
kuih kochi has special meanings in my country.
Elton recently opened a new Kimbap restaurant in Russia.
Austyn met Harding in Romania and they chatted about their common love for pork rib soup.
SCCCI Building, China Street, and Hertford Road.
Wong Ming, Iskandar Ismail, and Teh Cheang Wan.
366,870
Please tell me how to get to Cashin Street.
Lee Geck Hoon Ellen, Denis D'Cotta, and Ted De Ponti.
Homi, Arnab, and Anand.
Atal, Mahatma, and Devi.
Wasabi, Takoyaki, and Jokbal.
Apgujeong, Biore, and Pilot.
Do you know how to cook Banh Mi?
PMO, RSN, and VITAL.
It's about 43 minutes' walk to Equestrian Walk.
A series of biographies about Lim Tiong Ghee, Chen Show Mao and Anne Wong Holloway was recently published.
Keppel Road
Au Hing Yee, Eu Yee Ming Richard, and Lim Guat Kheng Rosie.
Select the fastest way to Queenstown Lutheran Church.
Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill, Sng Choon Yee, and Naomi Tan.
Show me the way to Labrador Villa Road.
8 6 7 5 8 7 9 5 4 2
Claire Tham, Stanley Toft Stewart, and Koeh Sia Yong.
Li Lienfung, Maggie Teng, and Loy Keng Foo.
Where is the best view in Romania?
Does Shabu-shabu taste good?
Dorset Road, Ernani Street, and Westwood Walk.
Heng Chee How, Dan Ying, and Denis Santry.
NRIC is T0739682O and date of birth is 27 June 1970.
Tell me the price of nasi goreng seafood tiga rasa.
Enjoy your sweet and sour sotong.
Tanah Merah Kechil Avenue, Chui Huay Lim Club, and Vanda Drive.
Norris Road, Sungei Kadut Avenue, and Parkroyal on Kitchener Road.
It's about 23 minutes' walk to Cleantech View.
Cleo Thang, Han Yong May, and Gopal Baratham.
Mediterranean Penne, Idili, and Lamb Vindaloo.
Evon Kow, Ahmad Daud, and Chay Jung Jun Mark.
DW5OGA
Do you know where is Sunset View?
Find the fastest way to Heng Mui Keng Terrace.
NRIC is S8314950H and date of birth is 24 October 2021.
Can I take a bus to Lim Teck Kim Road?
How much is sweet and sour pork?
fish ball noodles, nasi goreng ayam, and black tortoise cake.
I would like to have a good view of Nuku'alofa.
Zavier loves Lasagne.
herbal turtle soup has special meanings in my country.
Bras Basah Post Office, Overseas Union Bank Centre, and Ocean Drive.
Chestnut Terrace, Asia Square South Tower, and Jalan Isnin.
Bishan Home for the Intellectually Disabled, Pasir Panjang Tamil Methodist Church, and Hindhede Drive.
Ken Seet, Goh Choon Kang, and Murray Buttrose.
Wava, Nevin, and Dijon.
Zhang Hui, Tan Sin Aun, and Leonard Montague Harrod.
Diamond Days, Maybelline, and Ritz Crackers.
How long will it take to walk to Chinatown Point?
Mariann is dropping me off at Novelty Bizcentre.
Lee Chin Koon and Toh Kim Hwa has met this person that I know of.
It is faster to take the bus to Tribeca by the Waterfront.
I like satay bee hoon very much.
Chia Choo Suan, George Quek and Lee Shu Fen are in the database.
What is the easiest way to J Gateway?
Nothing beats having Teriyaki in the summer.
Glenn, Clarke, and Erma.
0 4 3 2 4 9 3 1 8 8
Do you know how to cook popiah sayur?
MCE, MOF, and SDC.
What can I use Avene for?
lemon chicken is a traditional local cuisine.
the thursday after Easter
Show me the way to Dakota Crescent.
Someone from San Marino came looking for Okinawa soba.
NRIC is T5640187Z and date of birth is 15 February 1934.
Almon loves mutton soup.
There are stories about Chua Soo Khim, Beurel Jean-Marie and Thum Ping Tjin in the database.
Pelton Link, Geylang East Avenue, and Hyderabad Road.
Colter, Kaylen, and Darren.
I can't eat all of this fishball noodle soup.
Please show me the way to Skyline 360.
Song Hoot Kiam, Foo Mee Har, and Djoko Wibisono.
Berocca, Vapodrops, and Tigerbalm.
kueh bugis is a must-try.
Metropole Drive, Prison Digital Media Unit, and Yu Huang Tian Temple.
kuih kasturi, nasi goreng ikan masin, and stir fried prawn with chili sauce.
What is the cheapest way to Red Swastika School?
Li Rulin, Zhu Xu, and Khoo Seow Hwa.
We studied about Han Lao Da, Ong Boon Tat and Joshua Ip in the class assignment.
Where is Jalan Lempeng?
What are the landmarks near Yuhua?
Please look for Theola when you reach Jalan Hiboran.
Where is Jalan Anak Patong?
Edwin Siew, Charles Edward Faber, and Tan Ban Soon.
DTL, IRAS, and NRIC.
9360 6274
3 1 9 3 5 1 8 0 5 4
How long does it take to get to New Society Backpackers' Hotel by taxi?
13 Sep. 1932 16:44:43
Joaquim D'Almeida, Arumugam Vijiaratnam, and Zhu Xu.
Kwa Soon Bee, Tan Thoon Lip, and Zainal Abidin Ahmad.
North Buona Vista Road, Kurau Place, and Eben Road.
Candyce, Ennis, and Hamp.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Pan Pacific?
Chan Kum Wah Roy, David Wilson, and Josephine Chia.
3150 9607
Am I right that Kingston is a capital city?
58WTB7
How far away is Telok Kurau Road from here?
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Cheng Soon Crescent?
Hernan, Khalid, and Jazmyne.
Please show me the way to Rochor Canal Road.
Can I take a bus to Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry?
Vapodrops, Caltrate, and Zappy.
Yeo Cheow Tong, Raman Daud, and Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth.
Tre is dropping me off at Valley Road.
szechuan noodle is a traditional local cuisine.
This is the best o ku kueh in Singapore.
June Yap, Chee Swee Lee, and Joseph Balestier.
duck noodle is very tasty.
Bern is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
I like Katsudon very much.
Soo Chow Drive, Ci Yuan Community Club, and Integrated Depot.
Blissful Loft, Poole Road, and Central Boulevard.
png tao, golden sand bun, and kuih syara.
12 Aug. 2003 15:55:19
How do I get to Toronto Road?
Tan Tock San, Khoo Teck Puat, and Low Yen Ling.
Alfian, Aziz, and Firash.
Elwin, Orange, and Aubrey.
6842 9889
I am waiting for Savilla to come back from Lynwood Grove.
for a quarter to three today
Lulu Hotel, Matahari Hall, and Lorong Stangee.
Pritiviraj, Kalluri, and Nandan.
Wira, Haziq, and Dian.
fried mantou, kuih kasturi, and wonton mee.
Amie, Tyree, and Cecilia.
I can't eat all of this Teriyaki.
Find the fastest way to Xingnan Primary School.
Downtown East, Goldhill Place, and Quality Road.
Mary Lim, Wee Toon Boon, and Ronald Susilo.
Burrito is very tasty.
Tan Chin Chin, Jah Lelawati, and Koh Yong Guan.
Tell me the price of Zosui.
Tessensohn Road, Pasir Panjang Tamil Methodist Church, and Sandy Island.
gudeg putih, sweet and sour chicken, and kueh syara.
Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering
What is the distance to Saint Hilda's Kindergarten?
5,527,534
Jack N Jill, Sakae Sushi, and Gourmet.
Cartigain aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Third Lok Yang Road?
Anderson Road, Cairnhill Rise, and Norwegian Seamen's Mission.
Masoor Dal, Hummus, and Sauerkraut.
Chicken Casserole, Karaage Fried Chicken, and Navratan Korma.
chicken pocket, tau huay, and kueh bakar pandan.
Chicken Cutlet, Boribap, and Okinawa soba.
Where can I find the best butter prawn?
steamed tapioca cake, fried scallop, and dendeng paru.
Please tell me how to cook thosai.
3704 2629
Lim Chwee Chian, Ho Chee-Kong, and Hoo Ah Kay.
I can't eat all of this braised pork knuckle.
Maybelline, Body Language, and Bevy C..
Ice Mountain, Lee, and Seng Choon.
Can I take the MRT to Jalan Rukam?
Qoo, Golden Peony, and Mountain Dew.
ayam buah keluak is a must-try.
I am waiting for Beckett to come back from Jalan Kayu Manis.
Argie recently opened a new Biryani restaurant in Benin.
Ang Kok Peng, Silvia Yong, and Richard Corridon.
Please look for Arne when you reach Admiralty Street.
Westwood Terrace, Emmaus Baptist Church, and Dunbar Walk.
Jay Lim, Seow Poh Leng, and David Kwo.
Teo Soon Chuan, Oh Chai Hoo, and Tang Da Wu.
This shop sells Chapati.
at six PM tonight
Does mui kee taste good?
Edith, Latonia, and Alesha.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Central Boulevard?
NRIC is T0486315Q and date of birth is 10 June 2004.
Could you tell me the way to Saint Gabriel's Primary School?
How long does it take to get to Thekchen Choling by taxi?
Jajangmyeon, Sushi, and Idili.
9817 9680
84,982
white sugar sponge cake, carrot cake, and mee pok.
Fettuccine Alfredo, Unadon, and Pita.
Could you tell me the way to Taman Jurong Park?
Ahad, Nabila, and Syarafina.
Do you know where is Jalan Masjid?
How much is soon kuih?
ma lai gao is well-known in my hometown.
Strathmore Road
Please tell me how to cook Chigenabe.
Nellie recently opened a new Takoyaki restaurant.
How long will it take to walk to Sherwood Road?
Workplace Safety & Health Council, Bukit Tinggi Road, and St John's Crescent.
Sasa, Papa Johns, and Armani Exchange.
Jalan Chengam, Clementi Loop, and Sin Ming Drive.
Cheng Wai Keung, Lee Boon Ngan, and Devagi Sanmugam.
teochew porridge is very tasty.
By using names such as Angelina Choy, Jit Koon Ch'ng and P. Govindasamy Pillai -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
The people included in the list are Chor Yeok Eng, Au Yue Pak and Yee Chia Hsing.
Maili Kofta, Wasabi, and Biryani.
Zain recently opened a new Uthapam restaurant.
You must try sweet and sour sotong when you are here.
Where can I find the best Hiyashi chuka?
Select the fastest way to Anchorvale Street.
Ghanshyam, Bilahari, and Kishore.
This shop sells butter masala.
Ora met Mahalie in Timor-Leste and they chatted about their common love for Tom Kha Gai.
You must try Breadsticks when you are here.
Someone from London came looking for kuih bom.
Please show me the way to Park Avenue Rochester.
I know people who have the exact name as Amrin Amin, Chong You Fook Charles and Tan Seng Poh!
Bukit Batok West Avenue
McVitie's, Fragrance, and Kimball.
Nothing beats having herbal soup in the summer.
NRIC is S0937458K and date of birth is 29 December 2002.
Jahangir, Vedre, and Aurangzeb.
Casie, Kathlyn, and Rosendo.
Hiyashi chuka, Barfi, and Nanakusa-gayu.
Nothing beats having kuih in the summer.
The fire had caused Kaitlynn, the owner of a Pita restaurant, to suffer a million HKD of losses.
Neo Anngee, Kin Chui, and Alfred Eric.
What are the landmarks near One Raffles Quay South Tower?
Pierre, Carri, and Aja.
It is faster to take the bus to Outram Polyclinic.
NRIC is S2071634M and date of birth is 01 July 1992.
Bonjour, The Shilla, and Fortune.
Marely, Leann, and Agustin.
Kwa Siew Tee, Yeo Hoe Koon, and Lim Tik En David.
Which bus should I take to Upper Changi Road North?
I knew a person who has met both Lim Bo Seng and Rahayu Mahzam.
Pang Guek Cheng, Oei Tiong Ham, and Chen Chong Swee.
Dayanara, Sonia, and Branch.
Tenmusu is well-known in my hometown.
Gyudon is a traditional local cuisine.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Edmund William Barker, Bey Soo Khiang and Bjorn Shen.
Shabu-shabu, Makchang gui, and Jingisukan.
Can I take the MRT to Mandai Estate?
Unique, Ethyl, and Dann.
Do you know how to cook soup tulang?
Goh Pei Siong Daniel, Pang Teck Joon, and Ong Beng Seng.
Candy, Elliott, and Jordy.
Jalan Lengkok Sembawang, Sennett Close, and Carmen Street.
Christina Ong, Sumiko Tan, and David Ong Kim Huat.
How far away is Coldstream Avenue from here?
Beauty World Plaza, Scotts Square Block, and Singapore Shooting Association.
Chong Kuo Road
Karren, Suzanna, and Melony.
American College, Singapore Corporation of Rehabilitative Enterprises, and Stable Loop.
Lim Denan Denon, Syed Jaafar Albar, and Chew Hock Leong.
I want to have a long stay in Warsaw. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
Does llao llao sanum taste good?
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Gembira?
Tan Lark Sye, Karl Richard Hanitsch, and Ng Ser Miang.
Rexford, Helene, and Elsie.
Ocuvite is loved by its customers worldwide.
Crocodile, Encik Tan, and Obike.
Bratwurst is a must-try.
I am waiting for Carlie to come back from Kampong Kembangan Neighbourhood Police Post.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Atin Amat, Song Ong Siang, and Sim Ann.
What are the landmarks near Riverlife Church?
5 7 4 6 2 4 0 7 0 8
Wong Peng Soon, Robet Carr Woods, Senior, and Yaacob Ibrahim.
Howard bought Minestrone for Evander.
fried tofu, kung po chicken, and bak chor mee.
Lim Kim San, Ow Chin Hock, and Ali Iskandar Shah.
I am particular about my Carbonara.
Marlee, Joshuah, and Cristopher.
This is the best Vegetable Jalfrezi in Singapore.
talam ubi, kuih bakar pandan, and seafood congee.
NRIC is S7301258T and date of birth is 26 September 2001.
Su Guaning, Harry Ord, and Chu Chee Seng.
How long does it take to get to Wheelock Place by taxi?
So Heng
Kenneth Mitchell, Ho Kah Leong, and Iqbal.
Evelyn Lip, Grace Chia, and Hri Kumar Nair.
Neo Anngee, Suzairhe Sumari, and Tommy Koh.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Leo Hee Tong and Rose Chan.
University Road, Kranji Crescent, and Chin Swee Service Centre.
Pound, USD, and Riyal.
Okonomiyaki, Shabu-shabu, and Makchang gui.
Rotan Lane
bakso, cuttlefish kang kong, and deep fried ngoh hiang.
How many calories does a serving of Vegetable Jalfrezi have?
Foo Ah Bee, Yeo Kim Seng, and Goh Eng Han.
Parga Singh, Nadasen Chandra, and Tan Chuan-Jin.
Could you tell me the way to Bulim Avenue?
Han Tan Juan, Goh Lay Kuan, and Joan Pereira.
Where can I get cheap food in Tbilisi?
What is the distance to Jalan Layang Layang?
Bukit Batok Driving & Test Centre, Rochalie Drive, and Lotus Hostel.
Central Boulevard, Ayer Rajah Neighbourhood Police Post, and Jalan Merbok.
Ang Hin Kee, Ibrahim Awang, and Madhavi Krishnan.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Sentosa Cineblast?
How much is Garden Stroganoff?
Cable Car Road, Gul Street, and Jalan Hajijah.
KJE, SRJC, and CSC.
Dermale, Futuro, and Oppo.
epok epok, epok-epok kentang, and kopi.
NRIC is S9678052G and date of birth is 22 November 2010.
Lorong 1 Realty Park, Jalan Serengam, and SAFRA Mount Faber.
LTA, TTK, and MINLAW.
Which bus should I take to Jalan Hussein?
NRIC is S3768940K and date of birth is 29 August 1928.
Where can I find the best ngoh hiang?
Low Sanmay, Lim Hak Tai, and Lim Chor Pee.
I am meeting Ari at Genting Hotel Jurong first.
How far away is Ardmore Park from here?
Clunny Hill
I am flying to Uganda now. See you soon.
kueh bom is well-known in my hometown.
Jeffry met Admiral in Male and they chatted about their common love for Tekkadon.
I am thinking of visiting Guinea-Bissau. Can you go with me?
8,745,931
Golden Star Hotel, Beatty Lane, and Pesek Road.
Lee Wee Nam, Percy Pennefather, and Dan Ying.
Li Hwan Place, College Green, and Centre for Public Project Management.
Obed is dropping me off at Delta Road.
Hu Tsu Tau Richard, Abdul Samad Ismail, and Yeo Shih Yun.
How do I get to Mandai Link?
Ramen has special meanings in my country.
Select the fastest way to PoMo.
satay, coffee pork ribs, and masala thosai.
Moon Star, Pokka, and Shell.
Please look for Rafaela when you reach Chwee Chian View.
Ottie, Taniya, and Rayna.
Why are people such as Deirdre Moss, Eng Boh Kee and Cheng Xinru Colin in the list?
Malissa, Jajuan, and Cammie.
L'Oréal, ecoBrown's, and Camel.
This is the best black tortoise cake in Singapore.
Wee Lin, Du Nanfa, and Chua Kim Yeow.
Sukiyaki, Pretzel, and Fettuccine Alfredo.
NRIC is T1685392J and date of birth is 28 May 2001.
Vichy is a well-known brand.
Someone from Nauru came looking for Currywurst.
Which bus should I take to The Inglewood?
Robitussin DM Dextromethorphan Syrup, Sedilix-DM Promethazine Linctus, and Duro-Tuss Regular.
It is faster to take the bus to Battersea Road.
Kelly Tang, Ang Peng Siong, and Tan Eng Liang.
You must try durian pengat when you are here.
This shop sells nasi briyani lembu.
Chua Chong Long, Jacob Ballas, and Andrew Lee.
Can I take a bus to Village Hotel?
Eloise loves stir fried beef with black pepper.
Ramli Sarip, Loh Lik Peng, and Ghillie Başan.
What is the distance to Keppel Distripark?
Do you know where is Light of Christ Church Woodlands?
I am particular about my sweet and sour fish.
MyRepublic, Optical 88, and NTUC Unity.
ONRP2W
TP-link, AGV, and ComfortDelGro.
Hubert Hill, Xiu Fang, and Ghillie Başan.
Lui Hah Wah Elena, Chong Siew Ying and Mohamed Eunos Abdullah? Are you not familiar with these names?
LUP, ELD, and SMU.
Mechelle, Gannon, and Skylar.
Bishan Point, Upper East Coast Road, and Jalan Kelichap.
I am particular about my katong laksa.
45,549
Where is Lorong Bandang?
Kushikatsu, Korokke, and Sushi.
Naraina Pillai, Perumal Govindaswamy, and Vincent Leow.
Tianpo Jewellery, Godiva, and Robitussin.
The class assignment was to study about Goh Poh Seng, George Murray Reith and Sun Xueling.
Aina, Aziz, and Suria.
Nim Road, Lengkok Saga, and Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School.
It's about 48 minutes' walk to Kian Teck Dormitory.
There is a food court selling Korokke behind Caldonia's house.
Lee Dai Soh, Rama Kannabiran, and Edwin Tessensohn.
Terrell bought o ku kueh for Stevan.
Goh Soo Khim, Wee Beng Chong, and Jacki Passmore.
tau suan, kuih kaswi, and cuttlefish kang kong.
Vijesh Ashok Ghariwala, Lin Gao, and Stella Kon.
W5S2E7
Peggy recently opened a new nasi briyani ayam restaurant.
Vivian Balakrishnan, Tan Tock San, and Nadasen Chandra.
9634 6187
stir fry chicken with black pepper, hainanese chicken rice, and pork rib soup.
Natura Stoma is popular in Europe as well.
Townshend Road, Dickson Road, and Airport Fire Station 2.
Can I take the MRT to Woodlands Checkpoint?
Josephine Chia, Gerard Ee, and Lau Chiap Khai.
Onigiri, Imoni, and Panang Curry.
Khoo Seok Wan, Dick Lee, and Goh Teck Sian.
3 2 0 6 4 2 8 6 3 4
I like sambal very much.
Wee Kim Wee, Eng Boh Kee, and Umar Abdullah Al-Khatib.
Lacoste, London Dairy, and Naturel.
The library recently did a roadshow on Low Siew Nghee and Faridah Hanum.
How long will it take to walk to Holt Road?
How many calories does a serving of nasi goreng belacan have?
Chia Boon Leong, P. Govindasamy Pillai, and Arumugam Ponnu Rajah.
Siow Lee-Chin, Lucy Koh, and Chay Jung Jun Mark.
Changi South Lane
How do I get to Jalan Lekar?
Telok Blangah Crescent, Cleantech Loop, and The Beacon.
Osman, Aina, and Rizqi.
Sam Kee, South Beach North Tower, and Katong Hostel.
Tew Chew Street, Singapore Scout Association, and Lorong Sarhad.
Fisher Street, Tian Teck Keng Temple, and Dairy Farm Crescent.
Lim Swee Say, Tay Kay Chin, and Daren Shiau.
Please tell me how to cook tissue prata.
Jamari recently opened a new sugee cake restaurant in Czechia.
Please tell me how to get to CPF Building.
popiah has special meanings in my country.
Skyla recently opened a new Bibimbap restaurant in Astana.
Arkie met Kolby in Lisbon and they chatted about their common love for Samgyeopsal.
Jalan Semerbak, Jalan Tari Lilin, and Carlisle Road.
Narana Putumaippittan, Esther Tan, and George Quek.
9,940
Please tell me how to get to Pelton Link.
Potti, Pranav, and Gouthu.
Hri, Dhirubhai, and Rohit.
Chana Dal, Onion Pakora, and Barfi.
Australis, Samsung, and Subaru.
Absolut Vodka, AMP, and Bakerzin.
Do you know how to cook Tacos?
It's about 58 minutes' walk to Oxley Road.
A series of biographies about Robert Tan Jee Keng, Olivia Mariamne Raffles and Jose D'Almeida was recently published.
Christopher Henry Rothwell
Lau Teng Chuan, Wong Lip Chin, and Boey Kim Cheng.
6056 1089
Select the fastest way to Kwong Min Road.
Sundarajulu Lakshmana Perumal, Joscelin Yeo, and Edwin Brown.
Show me the way to Camborne Road.
Umbro, Albertini, and Abercrombie & Fitch.
0 5 1 0 7 8 5 4 7 1
Lim Chin Siong, Muhammad Ariff Ahmad, and Foong Fook Kay.
Hor Chim Or, Charles Gamba, and Aisyah Lyana.
What can I do in Nicaragua?
Does Ladoo taste good?
Windsor Park Hill, Clementi Town, and Pacific Plaza.
Foo Chee Han, Chua Kim Yeow, and Chew Choo Keng.
5637th
NRIC is S2075164Y and date of birth is 10 March 2027.
Tell me the price of singapore fried kway tiao.
Enjoy your mee sua.
Eu Yan Sang Bird's Nest Gallery, Prome Road, and Brani Drive 7.
Nanyang Drive, Mount Elizabeth Link, and Bayanihan Centre.
It's about 48 minutes' walk to Chapel Road.
Saiedah Said, Quek Ling Kiong, and Tao Li.
Chimichangas, Pad Thai, and Rajma.
John Eber, Koh Mun Hong, and Siti Khalijah.
NY7OKB
Do you know where is Jalan Layang Layang?
Find the fastest way to Defence Science & Technology Agency.
NRIC is S3162504V and date of birth is 20 September 1921.
Can I take a bus to The Sleepy Kiwi Backpackers Hostel?
fishball noodle soup, kwetiau goreng, and chrysanthemum fried grouper.
What is the fastest way to Kingstown?
Atticus loves tissue prata.
ginger onions beef has special meanings in my country.
Marine Parade Central, Bedok Point, and Lower Delta Road.
Canberra Road, Sports Drive 1, and Jalan Inggu.
Stone Avenue, Hampshire Road, and Murai Lodge II.
Neo Chwee Kok, Gaston Dutronquoy, and Khaw Boon Wan.
What is the easiest way to Loyang Fire Post?
Noma, Patty, and Kiersten.
Adrin Loi, Goh Kheng Long, and Michelle Lim.
Aeroguard, Hush Puppies, and Knight.
How long will it take to walk to Eu Chin Street?
Teo Eng Seng and Georgette Chen has met this person that I know of.
It is faster to take the bus to Fernwood Terrace.
I like curry mixed vegetable very much.
Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis, Syed Mohamed Ahmed and Leong Yoon Pin are in the database.
What is the easiest way to Jalan Pekan Ubin?
Nothing beats having Imoni in the summer.
Clayton, Marilou, and Kolby.
6 8 8 4 2 0 7 4 1 7
PDL, FMSS, and SAFTI.
Where can I find a shop that sells Eucerin?
white bee hoon is a traditional local cuisine.
six AM in the morning
Show me the way to Din Pang Avenue.
HPB, NAFA, and PTC.
Someone from Cairo came looking for chappati.
NRIC is T1264503N and date of birth is 19 December 2002.
Roderick loves chai kueh.
Eng-Lee Seok Chee, Low Kway Song, and Tay Kay Chin.
Tampines South, Jalan Remis, and Singapore Sailing Federation.
Cham-Cham, Garden Stroganoff, and Lasagne.
Salvador, Wilda, and Geoff.
I can't eat all of this claypot crab bee hoon soup.
Please show me the way to Oxford Hotel.
Zai Kuning, Sat Pal Khattar, and Yap Ee Chian.
shark's fin soup is a must-try.
Selegie Road, Gerald Crescent, and Nanyang Valley.
ang ku kueh, bbq sambal sting ray, and sliced fish hor fun.
Natalie Hennedige, Hedwig Anuar, and Arumugam Ponnu Rajah.
We studied about Sang Nila Utama, Zhang Hui and Ahmad Jaafar in the class assignment.
Where is Bukit Timah Plaza?
What are the landmarks near Chencharu Link?
Please look for Celeste when you reach Bloxhome Drive.
Where is Yu Neng Primary School?
8718 4043
3 7 3 2 7 2 9 8 0 5
Please tell me how to get to Tangmere Road.
How long does it take to get to Jalan Rajah by taxi?
01 Dec. 2015 11:04:21
Lin Gao, Yap Su-Yin, and Khalil Ibrahim.
Yap Su-Yin, Angelo Sanelli, and Fandi Ahmad.
Waldemar, Darien, and Allison.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Banyan Fire Station?
Evon Kow, Lee Shermay, and Frank Dorrington Ward.
Enjoy your Karaage Fried Chicken.
6027 2312
Am I right that Harare is a capital city?
6WJH1P
How far away is Ampang Walk from here?
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Great World?
Heidy, Oneta, and Seth.
Please show me the way to Mei Hwan Road.
Can I take a bus to Jalan Bukit Ho Swee?
Baritex cream, Novosource, and Sangobion.
Goh Teck Sian, M. Balakrishnan, and Zhang Bohe.
Johnson is dropping me off at Ubi Road.
deep fried pork knuckle is a traditional local cuisine.
This is the best sop kambing in Singapore.
Rodney Tan, Ken Kwek, and Low Yen Ling.
sugar cane juice is very tasty.
Yaounde is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
I like Tacos very much.
Erskine Road, Integrated Depot, and Mount Rosie Road.
kueh pie tee, fishball noodle, and braised duck noodle.
3654 4714
20 Oct. 2006 17:34:03
How do I get to Leng Kee Road?
Frank Dorrington Ward, Leo Hee Tong, and Maria Hertogh.
Latifa, Lestari, and Ishak.
Edwardo, Grant, and Dollye.
6707 4432
I am waiting for Fredric to come back from Gerald Park.
just half past three in the afternoon
Lorong 8 Toa Payoh, Haig Lane, and Selarang Road.
Tipu, Satyendra, and Narayana.
Sri, Damia, and Shoaib.
pak thong ko, chicken satay, and telur mata lembu.
I can't eat all of this Minestrone.
Find the fastest way to Kim Seng Neighbourhood Police Post.
Conrad International Hotel Singapore, Jalan Kolam Ayer, and Chung Hwa Free Clinic.
Cherian George, Sakura Teng Ying Hua, and Sam Tan Chin Siong.
Banh Mi is very tasty.
Wong Chong Sai, Herman Hochstadt, and Tan Choh Tee.
Tell me the price of Boribap.
Saint Patrick's School, Synagogue Street, and Pari Dedap Walk.
fishball noodle soup, stir fry pork with black pepper, and pineapple tart.
Wee Chong Jin
Lawson bought Alu Gobi for Caro.
How many calories does a serving of ginger onions chicken have?
What is the distance to Changi Coast Walk?
591,561
What products does Vapodrops have?
Are there food courts or restaurants near Yio Chu Kang Road?
Kim San Temple, Maude Road, and Serapong Hill Road.
Carbonara, Kheer, and Saag Paneer.
saltish beancurd, black tortoise cake, and crispy golden brown mantou.
Bika, Johnnie Walker, and Chaps.
Fritada, Katsu Tendon, and Carrot Halwa.
Where can I find the best png tao?
keropok, roti john ayam, and hati ayam.
Please tell me how to cook rice pin noodles.
3209 3768
Peter Gilchrist, Lim Suchen Christine, and Irene Ng Phek Hoong.
I can't eat all of this oxtail soup.
Innisfree, Phoon Huat, and Denizen.
I am meeting Kent at Binjai Park first.
Shell, Challenger, and Sharp.
Can I take the MRT to Fernhill Crescent?
Speedway, Golden Pineapple, and Skull Candy.
liu sha bao is a must-try.
I am waiting for Tianna to come back from The Daulat.
Minna recently opened a new Crepe restaurant in Benin.
Seah Eu Chin, Gabriel Oon Chong Jin, and Jah Lelawati.
Please look for Maybelle when you reach Oak Avenue.
Clementi Street, Jalan Ketuka, and T2 Basement Drive.
TreeTop Walk, Kaki Bukit, and International Plaza.
Goh Rui Si Theresa, Edwin Koek, and Dorothy Krishnan.
Lorong Bakar Batu, Joo Chiat Road, and Toh Tuck Park Estate.
Chan Chun Sing, William Butterworth, and Dan Ying.
This shop sells Mugi meshi.
just before a quarter to seven this evening
Does red bean soup taste good?
Jordyn, Tony, and Brett.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Ci Zheng Gong Temple?
NRIC is S1784263X and date of birth is 13 August 2019.
Could you tell me the way to Dhoby Ghaut?
How long does it take to get to Carmen Terrace by taxi?
Alu Matar, Miso Soup, and Karaage Fried Chicken.
9471 2993
97,595
wonton mee, peranakan kueh, and kueh bom.
Gulab Jamun, Fajitas, and Tom Yam Goong.
Could you tell me the way to Unity Street?
Guntur, Kasih, and Surinam.
Do you know where is Kebun Baru Neighbourhood Police Post?
How much is fried oyster?
salted egg prawns is well-known in my hometown.
Ho Poh Fun
Please tell me how to cook Biryani.
Everett recently opened a new mee siam restaurant.
How long will it take to walk to The Tourism Academy?
Mount Emily Road, Ranggung, and Teng Tong Road.
Cairnhill Plaza, SMU School of Economics & School of Social Sciences, and The Southbridge Hotel.
DMK, Ritz Carlton, and Benefit.
Yio Chu Kang Terrace, Anamalai Avenue, and Koon Seng Road.
Rama Kannabiran, Tan Biyun, and Teng Mah Seng.
chai kuih is very tasty.
By using names such as Chan Chee Seng, Han Fook Kwang and Said Zahari -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Omron, Accucheck, and Rene.
The people included in the list are Ho See Beng, Chng Seok Tin and Rosemary Tessensohn.
Okinawa soba, Maili Kofta, and Quesadillas.
Nila recently opened a new coconut kuih restaurant.
You must try tau kwa pau when you are here.
Where can I find the best Gobchang gui?
Select the fastest way to Amitabha Building.
Chandrasekaran, Jagadish, and Sanjeev.
This shop sells rojak bandung.
Cheyanne met Jeannette in Tel Aviv and they chatted about their common love for Cham-Cham.
You must try Garden Stroganoff when you are here.
Someone from Vietnam came looking for Jajangmyeon.
Please show me the way to Clarke Street.
Toni & Guy, Superdry, and Kinokuniya.
I know people who have the exact name as Yeo Siak Goon, Khaw Boon Wan and Charles Gamba!
Vincent Leow
Google, Iora, and Pentel.
Nothing beats having lemon chicken in the summer.
NRIC is S5206981H and date of birth is 28 February 2017.
Raghuram, Baba, and Virat.
Danyell, Hill, and Versie.
Unadon, Papadum, and Chicken Paprikas.
Nothing beats having drunken prawns in the summer.
The fire had caused Diann, the owner of a Yakizakana restaurant, to suffer a million Yuan of losses.
Tan Ser Cher, Kenneth Kee, and Yong Ah Kee.
There is a food court selling Ramyeon behind Fannie's house.
What are the landmarks near Sattha Puchaniyaram Buddhist Temple?
Elonzo, Sondra, and Kiley.
It is faster to take the bus to New Bridge Road.
NRIC is S1058397B and date of birth is 31 January 1938.
Asics, Mizuno, and Lucky Bin Bin.
Andrea, Garey, and Shanice.
Goh Lay Kuan, Tsung Yeh, and Lau Siew Mei.
Which bus should I take to Stadium Crescent?
I knew a person who has met both Tan Beng Swee and Vanessa-Mae.
Thomas Braddell, James Wong, and Janadas Devan.
Haruko, Vessie, and Beulah.
Lamb Vindaloo is a traditional local cuisine.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Loh Lik Peng, Han Fook Kwang and Tanya Chua.
Caramelized Maui Onion Dip, Navratan Korma, and Tempura.
Can I take the MRT to Pheng Geck Avenue?
Lindsey, Zora, and Denver.
Do you know how to cook cereal prawns?
Chua Poh Leng, Davinder Singh, and Maarof Salleh.
Lori, Layton, and Alexia.
Innova Junior College, Canberra Lane, and Covenant Community Methodist Church.
Chandran Nair, Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai, and Punch Coomaraswamy.
How far away is Bukit Panjang Link from here?
Boon Keng Fire Post, Raffles Boulevard, and Kiew Lee Tong Temple.
Rail Mall
Athena, Madalynn, and Esau.
Yarwood Avenue, Whitchurch Road, and Napier Road.
Cheo Chai-Hiang, Tan Tee Suan, and Hamed Ismail.
I want to travel to Thimphu.
Does clay pot mee taste good?
Are there food courts or restaurants near Lermit Road?
Ibrahim Omar, Joanna Wong Quee Heng, and Abdul Aleem Siddique.
Adlai, Jax, and Theresa.
Eucerin, Papulex, and Esteem stoma.
Cleanz plus has been reinforcing its branding.
Soundteoh, Breathe Right, and Studioline.
Korokke is a must-try.
I am waiting for Russel to come back from Cooling Close.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Sunny Sia, Chua Nam Hai, and Lee Seow Ser.
What are the landmarks near Robin Road?
9 3 4 6 6 0 1 1 9 8
Law Shau Ping Peter, Yeoh Ghim Seng, and Chia Cheong Fook.
The fire had caused Arjun, the owner of a Fettuccine Alfredo restaurant, to suffer a million NT Dollars of losses.
I would like to travel to Kiribati. What is the fastest way there?
Kassandra bought ginger onions chicken for Lily.
chicken liver, nasi campur, and butter prawns.
Nadasen Chandra, Eugene Tan Kheng Boon, and Tan Tock Seng.
I am particular about my Fritada.
Verdie, Amma, and Jamel.
This is the best Shabu-shabu in Singapore.
prata chocolate, sweet and sour sotong, and epok epok.
NRIC is T3061749F and date of birth is 05 July 1931.
Sarah Winstedt, Tan Tock Seng, and B. R. Sreenivasan.
RI, SOTA, and NDP.
How long does it take to get to Winstedt Road by taxi?
Lompang Road
Yatiman Yusof, Tan Eng Yoon, and C.Kunalan.
Lin Chen, Joan Pereira, and Choo Seng Quee.
Charles Edward Faber, Paine Eric, and Surtini Sarwan.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Kay Das and Barry Desker.
Tell me the price of kuih.
Vista Residences, Teck Lim Road, and Work Injury Compensation Department.
AUD, BND, and NZD.
Teriyaki, Jalebi, and Chicken Paprikas.
Cham Tao Soon
singapore sling, nasi briyani kambing, and hae mee.
How many calories does a serving of Oden have?
Ang Chwee Chai, Ong Kian Peng, and Wang Sui Pick.
Al Lim, J. B. Jeyaretnam, and Wang Dayuan.
FMSP, NAC, and SMU.
Could you tell me the way to Angsana Avenue?
Lim Hock Siew, Loh Wai Kiew, and Vijesh Ashok Ghariwala.
Would you like to visit Tallinn with me?
What is the distance to Bukit Teresa Road?
Jalan Empat, King's Avenue, and Deptford Road.
Peel Road, Pemimpin Place, and Lembu Road.
Chong Fah Cheong, Hussein Haniff, and Abdul Samad Ismail.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Bukit Batok?
How much is Gyros?
Balestier Hotel, Jalan Haji Salam, and Hougang Green Shopping Mall.
AGC, DPP, and ORD.
Emulsying ointment, Panadol, and Isocal.
steamed garoupa, sweet and sour deep fried fish, and sugee cake.
NRIC is S9751426S and date of birth is 12 May 2003.
Cheng Yan Place, Swiss Cottage Secondary School, and Sennett Close.
WCG, SPC, and IPOS.
Which bus should I take to Gogreen Cycle & Island Explorer?
NRIC is T6124793S and date of birth is 12 September 1942.
Where can I find the best ondeh ondeh?
Amanda Heng, Kuo Pao Kun, and Oon Jin Teik.
I am meeting Frona at Toa Payoh Lane first.
How far away is People's Park Complex from here?
Yew Tee Shopping Centre
I am looking for a tour around Sao Tome and Principe.
sam lau is well-known in my hometown.
There is a food court selling black pepper chicken behind Norwood's house.
Korbin met Monroe in Taiwan and they chatted about their common love for Sushi.
What currency does China use?
6,612,305
Hougang Street 93, The Warehouse Hotel, and Chwee Kang Beo Temple.
Hua Chai Yong, Daren Shiau, and Oi Lin.
Seng Wah Hotel, Woodleigh Lane, and Novena Rise.
Rolanda is dropping me off at Registry of Moneylenders and Pawnbrokers.
What is Uganda famous for?
Lim Swee Say, Robert Black, and Balaji Sadasivan.
How do I get to Old Pier Road?
Ootoro Sushi has special meanings in my country.
Select the fastest way to Pang Seng Road.
satay bee hoon, fish head bee hoon, and roti john.
Burnie, Agnes B, and Tori-Q.
Please look for Marilou when you reach Asia Square South Tower.
Haden, Buena, and Essence.
Why are people such as Ken Kwek, Lee Shermay and Cindy Sim in the list?
Ocean Financial Centre
Enjoy your nasi briyani lembu.
Debora, Markus, and Latasha.
Prima, Esprit, and Bargo.
This is the best peranakan kueh in Singapore.
Vilma Laus, Tee Tua Ba, and Haji Ya'acob bin Mohamed.
Fajitas, Motoyaki, and Kushiyaki.
NRIC is T4512609U and date of birth is 29 April 1991.
Abbott is one of the leading brands.
Someone from Thimphu came looking for Chimichangas.
Which bus should I take to Yong An Park?
Elomet Mometasone Furoate Cream, Sedilix-DM Dextromethorphan Linctus, and Mucosolvan Ambroxol Tablets.
ITE Headquarters, Rambutan Road, and Nanyang View.
It is faster to take the bus to Seng Poh Lane.
Lim Thean Soo, Sam Leong, and Song Hoot Kiam.
You must try herbal turtle soup when you are here.
Show me the way to V Hotel.
This shop sells kuih kochi.
Zarinah Abdullah, Koh Eng Kian, and Ron Wong.
Can I take a bus to Jamiyah Home for the Aged?
9538 3139
Ahmad Jaafar, Sylvia Tan, and Ong Tiong Khiam.
What is the distance to Stevens Drive?
Do you know where is University Town?
I am particular about my ketupat.
Eye Mo, Hosen, and Mistral.
6K08QB
Mamy Poko, Mr Potato, and Secret Recipe.
Parsick Joaquim, Goh Kheng Long, and Eugene Tan Kheng Boon.
Derek Wong Zi Liang, Mohammad Nurrasyid Juraimi and Rita Zahara? Are you not familiar with these names?
HDB, PWD, and NHB.
Ephraim, Maybelle, and Geraldo.
Upper Changi Road East, Farrer Underpass, and Jalan Kebaya.
I am particular about my masala thosai.
5,263,215
EY5VDI
Where is Singapore Sailing Federation?
23 May 2005 02:13:07
Samgeyopsal, Lime Pickle, and Tom Yam Goong.
Zulkifli bin Mohamed, Tharman Shanmugaratnam, and Owyang Chi.
Jack N Jill, Revlon, and Koka.
The class assignment was to study about Joseph Grimberg, Tan Seng Poh and Neil Humphreys.
Guntur, Ariff, and Sofea.
Kim Tian Christian Church, Public Transport Security Command, and Guards Avenue.
Temasek Junior College, Old Nanyang University Memorial, and Sampan Place.
It's about 46 minutes' walk to The Arts House at the Old Parliament.
3160th
MTI, MI, and NS.
There is a food court selling Pulao behind Saint's house.
Catherine Lim, Iskandar Shah, and Ravinder Singh.
Shelva bought tauge ikan masin for Lemuel.
Lee Choon Kee, Hoey Choo, and Chew Boon Lay.
pineapple fried rice, chappati, and teochew huat kueh.
Adeline Ooi, Yeo Shih Yun, and Wan Soon Bee.
9Q761V
Nery recently opened a new Teriyaki restaurant.
Osman Zailani, Khoo Oon Teik, and Dhershini Govin Winodan.
9588 3441
seafood hor fun, orh nee, and duck rice.
Natura Stoma has an excellent company culture.
Curtin University of Technology, Pandan Valley, and Jalan Kakatua.
Can I take the MRT to Merino Crescent?
Koh Mun Hong, Lee Hoon Leong, and Moulavi Babu Sahib.
Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Cutlet, and Panang Curry.
I am meeting Gifford at Ridgewood Close first.
Aw Boon Haw, Ariff Bongso, and Judith Prakash.
3 5 7 1 2 4 3 6 5 8
I like lala very much.
James Richardson Logan, Hu Tsu Tau Richard, and Naomi Tan.
AMP, Freshkon, and Gold Kili.
The library recently did a roadshow on Martin Yan and Iskandar Jalil.
How long will it take to walk to Farrer Garden?
How many calories does a serving of prata cheese have?
Sir Shenton Thomas, Osbert Rozario, and Kesavan Soon.
Jita Singh, Goh Teck Phuan, and John Thomson.
Leong Yoon Pin, Chew Chor Meng, and Chua Thian Poh.
York Hill
How do I get to The Plaza?
Kim Tian Hotel, The National Art Gallery, and Third Hospital Avenue.
Izzati, Qaisara, and Jenab.
East Coast Terrace, Republic Polytechnic, and Cairnhill Rise.
Phoenix Tower, Chiselhurst Grove, and Nanyang Poly Drive.
Jalan Ibadat, Carmen Terrace, and Jalan Naung.
Ian Woo, Vincent Ng, and Tan Choh Tee.
Please tell me how to cook kueh pie tee.
Lorelai recently opened a new nasi goreng pattaya restaurant in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Please tell me how to get to Jalan Kayu Manis.
sam lau has special meanings in my country.
Toni recently opened a new Dal Makhani restaurant in East Timor.
Walter met Erling in Liechtenstein and they chatted about their common love for Deodeok gui.
Lorong Ah Soo, MacRitchie Viaduct, and Woodlands Ring Secondary School.
Jernnine Pang, Khoo Kay Hian, and Suzairhe Sumari.
4,875,582
Please tell me how to get to Devan Nair Institute of Employment and Employability.
Hsu Tse Kwang, Tan Che Sang, and Ronald Macpherson.
Kasinadhuni, Vandana, and Makineni.
Chandi, Verghese, and Jagat.
Saag Paneer, Gyudon, and Masoor Dal.
Barrel, Vono, and Huggies.
Citigem, Learning Lab, and Fox.
Do you know how to cook Mugi meshi?
CTE, MCI, and MHA.
It's about 20 minutes' walk to Sri Siva Durga Temple.
A series of biographies about Audrey Wong, Kam Ning and Lim Chong Keat was recently published.
Pepper Lunch
Maria Dyer, Navroji R. Mistri, and David Lim.
3442 7224
Select the fastest way to Veerasamy Road.
Mohammad Nurrasyid Juraimi, Lim Chee Onn, and Victor Doggett.
Show me the way to Dalkeith Road.
1 4 0 9 2 6 1 8 5 8
Lim Siew Wai William, Samuel Dyer, and Lim Fei Shen.
Lin Chen, Lee Li Lian, and Tan Jiak Kim.
I would like to visit Bulgaria.
Does Lamb Vindaloo taste good?
Leong Hwa Chan Si Temple, Greenwich Drive, and Sunview Road.
Tay Yong Kwang, Said Zahari, and Tan Chay Yan.
8th
NRIC is S4561293K and date of birth is 20 January 1966.
Tell me the price of kacang pool.
Enjoy your garlic chives steamed rice cake.
Kallang Airport Drive, Madrasah Al-Tahzibiah Al-islamiah, and Maida Vale.
Teo Kim Eng Road, Science Drive 1, and Temple Hill Road.
It's about 18 minutes' walk to Canberra Lane.
Fang Guixiang, Isadhora Mohamed, and K. Shanmugam.
Chicken Paprikas, Unadon, and Burrito.
Audra Morrice, Iskandar Shah, and Raymond Anthony Fernando.
KFS9RX
Do you know where is Canberra Lane?
Find the fastest way to Anamalai Avenue.
NRIC is S0385297G and date of birth is 14 November 1922.
Can I take a bus to Sophia Road?
How much is ice kachang?
kaya balls, mee tai mak, and seafood tom yum.
Show me the best hotels in Islamabad.
Clemie loves Medu Vada.
onion thosai has special meanings in my country.
Keng Kiat Street, Jalan Cherpen, and Goodman Road.
Upper Pickering Street, Marsiling Industrial Estate, and Sembawang Hills Drive.
Singapore Zoo, Admiralty Industrial Park, and Draycott Park.
Anne Wong Holloway, Matthew Yap, and Matthew Ngui.
What is the fastest way to Twenty Anson?
Ewald, Rodney, and Trish.
Benjamin Frank, Osbert Rozario, and Lancelot Maurice Pennefather.
Love & Co., Addicts Anonymous, and Each-a-cup.
How long will it take to walk to Terror Club?
Guido is dropping me off at Jalan Belibas.
Tan Lee Leng and Linn In Hua has met this person that I know of.
It is faster to take the bus to Living Praise Presbyterian Church.
I like putu piring very much.
Chan Heng Chee, Shirin Fozdar and Jah Lelawati are in the database.
What is the cheapest way to Ubi Close?
Nothing beats having Lamb Kebabs in the summer.
Aric, Pate, and Yolonda.
3 3 1 0 7 4 4 7 6 1
Do you know how to cook bak kwa?
WP, ACRES, and NDP.
Lots of young people have a good impression of Strepsils.
peanut butter jelly ice cream is a traditional local cuisine.
Show me the way to Hun Yeang Road.
Someone from Thimphu came looking for Katsudon.
NRIC is T3817964J and date of birth is 16 October 2017.
Metro loves Idili.
There are stories about Adeline Foo, Benjamin Henry Sheares and Tanya Chua in the database.
Runme Shaw, Al Lim, and Tan Cheng Bock.
Lucky Crescent, Upavon Road, and Sin Ming Walk.
Spaghetti Bolognese, Nachos, and Tandoori Chicken.
Tamiko, Jonell, and Baylee.
I can't eat all of this kueh kasturi.
Please show me the way to Yo-Ha.
June Yap, Margaret Leng Tan, and Lin Gao.
Papulex, Nutren, and Neostrata.
dendeng paru is a must-try.
Harbour Ville Hotel, Mount Sinai Lane, and St Andrew's Road.
kaya balls, kuih talam tepong pandan, and pork satay.
What is the fastest way to Fudu Park?
Kumar, Al Lim, and Simon Tay Seong Chee.
We studied about Gregory Yong, Phay Seng Whatt and Chew Boon Lay in the class assignment.
Where is Moral Welfare Home?
What are the landmarks near Upper Changi Link?
Please look for Kesha when you reach Shenvood Road.
Where is Singapore Academy of Law?
Eric Moo, Yvonne Ng Uhde, and Haresh Sharma.
BTO, CCK, and IE.
9417 8148
7 6 0 8 7 0 3 3 5 8
Please tell me how to get to International Student Support Centre.
How long does it take to get to Family and Juvenile Court by taxi?
17 Mar. 2013 06:42:55
Sam Leong, Tan Seng Poh, and Lee Geck Hoon Ellen.
Chua Kim Yeow, Saiedah Said, and Robert Ibbetson.
Guards Avenue, Fiji Road, and Grove Lane.
Golden, Jereme, and Maximus.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near CHIJ Katong Primary?
Ida Simmons, Brian Farrell, and Ong Boon Tat.
Enjoy your Gobchang gui.
3347 8641
Show me five ways to get to Quito.
NY1E8D
How far away is UBS Campus from here?
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Intellectual Property Office of Singapore?
Romaine, Consuelo, and Shannen.
Please show me the way to Whitchurch Road.
Can I take a bus to Phoenix Garden?
White soft paraffin, Strepsils, and Tigerbalm.
1
Martin Yan, Fong Chong Pik, and Wee Kim Wee.
Belen is dropping me off at Jalan Tari Payong.
ghee thosai is a traditional local cuisine.
This is the best claypot crab bee hoon soup in Singapore.
9097 0395
Seow Poh Leng, Tear Ee Soon, and Hon Sui Sen.
szechuan noodle is very tasty.
What is Brasilia famous for?
I like Lasagna very much.
Pioneer, Jalan Rasok, and Singapore Accreditation Council.
Science Drive 1, Pacific Elder Care Nursing Home, and Rifle Range.
ang ku kueh, otak-otak, and prata telur.
6175 8643
22 Jul. 1954 09:06:46
How do I get to North East Community Development Council?
Goh Tshin En Sylvia, Gao Ning, and John Fraser.
Sri, Siti, and Khatijah.
Estefany, Yahaira, and Adelina.
6828 7909
I am waiting for Ola to come back from Kismis Avenue.
a quarter to four
Employment Agency Licensing Branch, Saint Patrick's School, and Phoenix Tower.
Iman, Rizqi, and Ahad.
telur dadah, bbq chicken wings, and kwetiau goreng.
Lavada, Anibal, and Sadie.
I can't eat all of this Alu Gobi.
Find the fastest way to Westerhout Road.
The fire had caused Tate, the owner of a kopi restaurant, to suffer a million Yuan of losses.
Keng Kiat Street, Cox Terrace, and Bras Basah.
Ng Liang Chiang, Chay Weng Yew, and Eric Moo.
Pulao is very tasty.
Syed Alsagoff, Tan Lip Seng, and Fong Sip Chee.
Tell me the price of Guacamole.
Prime Centre, Airline Road, and Kupang.
curry fish head, kaya toast, and lobster porridge.
De La Salle School
Demi bought soto for Azalee.
How many calories does a serving of satay have?
What is the distance to Warren Golf & Country Club?
120,545
Kiddy Palace, 3M, and London Dairy.
Scott's aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Windsor Nursing Home?
Vanda Crescent, Central Police Division HQ, and Jalan Lakum.
Boribap, Tonkatsu, and Panang Curry.
Lamb Kebabs, Medu Vada, and Sambar.
ginger onions chicken, szechuan noodle, and teh halia tarik.
Crocodile, NTUC Unity, and Gatsby.
Fajitas, Tekkadon, and Tandoori Chicken.
Where can I find the best hainanese chicken rice?
ya kun kaya toast, red bean soup, and pineapple tart.
Please tell me how to cook durian.
3578 9490
Chan Sek Keong, Ling Cher Eng, and Alex Abisheganaden.
I can't eat all of this thosai.
Billabong, Overrun, and FairPrice.
I am meeting Milda at Happy Avenue West first.
Miles, Triumph, and Duracell.
Can I take the MRT to Anson Road?
Einmilk, MyRepublic, and Audi.
mee siam is a must-try.
I am waiting for Brenden to come back from Jalan Kurnia.
Mettie recently opened a new soon kueh restaurant in Suva.
Low Kway Song, Wiebe Wolters, and Chandra Das.
Please look for Darryll when you reach Sian Tuan Avenue.
Jalan Hock Chye, Meragi Terrace, and Computing Drive.
West Coast Marine Fire Station, Grand Copthorne Waterfront Hotel, and Lorong Tanggam.
Ong Beng Seng, Tao Li, and Ho Poh Fun.
Hindu Cemetery Path 2, Vista Exhange Green, and Simei Rise.
Fandi Ahmad, Goh Teck Phuan, and Frank Cloutier.
This shop sells Dal Makhani.
five past eight in the morning
Does lemak cili padi taste good?
Jens, Jaslyn, and Nathaniel.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Keng Kiat Street?
NRIC is T2086573Z and date of birth is 15 June 1984.
Could you tell me the way to Farnborough Road?
How long does it take to get to Thomson Green by taxi?
Barfi, Vermicelli, and Yaki udon.
8582 8452
93,517
chicken rice, satay bee hoon, and rojak.
Chaat Papri, Chana Masala, and Pretzel.
Could you tell me the way to Holland Village?
Aryan, Farah, and Haron.
Do you know where is Living Praise Presbyterian Church?
How much is ku chai kuih?
curry chicken is well-known in my hometown.
Tiong Poh Avenue
Please tell me how to cook Carbonara.
Ali recently opened a new sugee cake restaurant.
How long will it take to walk to Regent Street?
Anchorvale Link, Police Special Operations Command, and Genome Institute of Singapore.
Springwood Close, Great Eastern Centre, and Pandan Avenue.
Lindt, Lazada, and Body Language.
Sembawang Alley, Marina Promenade, and Cecil Street.
Sitoh Yih Pin, Abdul Kadir Syed, and Prema Letchumanan.
salted egg crab is very tasty.
By using names such as Lu Suitin, Fang Kuo Wei Nicholas and Denise Fletcher -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
The people included in the list are Mohamed Ismail Hussain, Tan Lian Chye and Ong Jin Teong.
Coleen recently opened a new Sushi restaurant.
You must try curry puff when you are here.
Where can I find the best Zosui?
Select the fastest way to Jalan Besar MRT Station.
Suda, Indira, and Aruna.
This shop sells seafood bee hoon.
Claudie met Venice in Iran and they chatted about their common love for fish head curry.
You must try Chigenabe when you are here.
Someone from Ukraine came looking for curry puff.
Please show me the way to Ghim Moh Road.
Andalou Naturals, Tangs, and Toni & Guy.
I know people who have the exact name as Syed Jaafar Albar, Rosemary Tessensohn and Lui Hah Wah Elena!
St Dalfour, Manhattan Fish Market, and Osim.
Nothing beats having seafood fried rice in the summer.
NRIC is T0316875W and date of birth is 24 March 2023.
Santha, Rukmini, and Rahul.
Mikaila, Zela, and Armand.
Ochazuke, Katsudon, and Taco Salad.
Nothing beats having sweet and sour calamari in the summer.
The fire had caused Jonathon, the owner of a Tacos restaurant, to suffer a million NT Dollars of losses.
Walter Woon, William Jervois, and Anthony Poon.
There is a food court selling idly behind Madlyn's house.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Surau?
Belen, Ovila, and Diego.
It is faster to take the bus to Newlife Church.
NRIC is S5789340R and date of birth is 17 November 1994.
Alesia, Lyric, and Ludwig.
Low-Jimenez Felicia, Walter Makepeace, and Nalla Tan.
Which bus should I take to Robertson Quay Hotel?
I knew a person who has met both Hartinah Ahmad and Chua Ah-Huwa Monica.
Chan Cheng Wah Bernard, Abdul Samad Ismail, and Wong Chong Sai.
Antone, Brea, and Lynn.
Imoni is well-known in my hometown.
Chicken Tikka is a traditional local cuisine.
Cham-Cham, Lentil soup, and Coriander Chutney.
Can I take the MRT to Kampong Glam?
Janessa, Clarisa, and Chalmers.
Foong Fook Kay, Ang Yoke Mooi, and K. Shanmugam.
Ardelle, Merl, and Hanna.
Copthorne King's Hotel, Nathan Road, and Ocean Way.
Wong Chong Sai, Goh Tshin En Sylvia, and Francis Ng.
How far away is Saint Anne's Church from here?
Raffles Hotel, Palm Drive, and Aida Street.
Martaban Road
Sylvia, Tanya, and Lydell.
Abundant Grace Presbyterian Church, Faber Green, and Upper Hokkien Street.
V. K. Rajah, Lee Choon Kee, and Yeoh Ghim Seng.
I want to travel to Gaborone.
Does kuih rengas taste good?
Are there food courts or restaurants near Sentul Crescent?
Yan Hui Chang, Kang Siong Joo, and Anthony Chen.
Isocal, Kordel's, and Fibrosol.
Is Vichy popular in Singapore?
Haylee, Chevrolet, and Gaviscon.
Chana Masala is a must-try.
I am waiting for Terell to come back from Amber Road.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Denise Fletcher, Eng Yee Peng, and Anne Wong Holloway.
What are the landmarks near Novena Terrace?
4 4 0 0 9 9 8 5 3 8
Show me the cheapest flights to Macau.
Rebecca bought Pita for Neoma.
I am particular about my Tacos.
Dominick, Lillis, and Kathey.
This is the best Lamb Kebabs in Singapore.
crispy golden brown bun, mutton soup, and peanut paste.
NRIC is T7914538B and date of birth is 18 September 1976.
Lee Seng Gee, Jean Mary Marshall, and Koh Seng Leong.
WDA, SNB, and SP.
How long does it take to get to Auditor General's Office by taxi?
Temenggong Abdul Rahman, Tunku Abdul Rahman, and Yau Tian Yau.
Subhas Chandra Bose, Harun bin Abdul Ghani, and Gabriel Oon Chong Jin.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Koh Bee Tuan Joyce and Joshua Ip.
Tell me the price of soon kueh.
Poi Ching School, Belilios Lane, and The Lumiere.
Yen, Rupiah, and NZD.
Tom Yam Goong, Date Tamarind Chutney, and Ladoo.
Lim Chuan Poh
hainanese curry rice, mapo tofu, and sweet and sour fish.
How many calories does a serving of Gyudon have?
Yeoh Ghim Seng, James Richardson Logan, and MaxLe Blond.
Edwin Tessensohn, Yap Boon Chuan, and Lim Swee Say.
SAJC, SDC, and NUS.
Arasu, Ahmad Mattar, and Ong Pang Boon.
Where can I get cheap food in Riga?
What is the distance to Bukit Chermin Boardwalk?
Jalan Chorak, Carlton Walk, and Outram Park.
Singapore Marriott Hotel, Greenwood Walk, and MOE Labrador Adventure Centre.
Lau Teng Chuan, Yip Pin Xiu, and Grace Chia.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Bedok Reservoir?
How much is Saag Paneer?
Upper Palm Valley Road, Tai Seng Street, and Clementi Fire Station.
SBS, CPF, and MCI.
Polident, Furtere Paris, and Tigerbalm.
tang yuen, fish head bee hoon, and pig fallopian tubes.
NRIC is T1079568R and date of birth is 01 October 1977.
Farrer Court, Spottiswoode Park Road, and White House Park.
CAAS, FTT, and ROD.
Which bus should I take to Kreta Ayer Road?
NRIC is S1938047V and date of birth is 03 July 1942.
Lee Shih Shiong Peter, M. Saffri A. Manaf, and Muhammad Ariff Ahmad.
I am meeting Miesha at Jalan Gapis first.
How far away is Derbyshire Road from here?
Chang Charn Road
I am flying to Germany now. See you soon.
stir fried beef with black pepper is well-known in my hometown.
There is a food court selling rempeyek behind Phyliss' house.
Destini met Takisha in Male and they chatted about their common love for gulai daun ubi.
What currency does Mozambique use?
3,126,653
Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill, Kwok Kian Chow, and Orfeur Cavenagh.
Third Hospital Avenue, Selarang Road, and Marshall Lane.
Kenyatta is dropping me off at Yunnan Road.
I want to travel to China. What should I take note of?
Iskandar Shah, Peh Chin Hua, and Nicky Moey.
How do I get to Tai Pei Old People's Home?
Sauerkraut has special meanings in my country.
Select the fastest way to Gallop Stables at Pasir Ris.
tissue prata, getuk getuk, and prata strawberry.
Honda, Red Man, and Oakley.
Please look for Andrew when you reach Jalan Grisek.
Delano, Jenilee, and Florance.
Why are people such as Lim Loh Huat, Wee Shoo Leong and Raymond Anthony Fernando in the list?
Heritage Wedding Gallery
Enjoy your mutton satay.
Sanjuanita, Zander, and Linnie.
1664, Prettyfit, and Einmilk.
This is the best black pepper chicken in Singapore.
Guacamole, Dangojiru, and Deodeok gui.
NRIC is S7360495O and date of birth is 27 October 1979.
Blackmores has a good reputation for it's good quality.
Someone from Mongolia came looking for Banh Mi.
Duxton Road, Bath Road, and Hilton International Singapore.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Songket.
Ng Yat Chuan, Bey Hua Heng, and Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani.
You must try muruku when you are here.
Show me the way to Pasir Panjang Tamil Methodist Church.
This shop sells ribena.
Nathan Hartono, Haresh Sharma, and Chuang Hui Tsuan.
Can I take a bus to Ridley Park?
9373 9120
Kathleen loves Korokke.
Lim Chee Wai David, Zhou Ying Nan, and Goh Choon Kang.
What is the distance to Guards Avenue?
I am particular about my kuih kodok.
DHMS7Z
Bardot, Volkswagen, and Mirinda.
Hajjah Fatimah, Lee Chin Koon, and Anwarul Haque.
Tan Gee Paw, Cheng Tsang Man and Low Siew Nghee? Are you not familiar with these names?
JJC, TPJC, and AXS.
Wardell, Versie, and Nikia.
Ava Road, MCE Tunnel, and Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts Campus 1.
I am particular about my curry chicken.
424,891
WHUY2Z
Where is Chai Chee Fire Post?
18 Aug. 2013 14:58:14
Sushi, Bratwurst, and Tandoori Chicken.
Seng Choon, Skippy, and Anlene.
Ayu, Amrin, and Azura.
Singapore Turf Club, South View, and Tah Ching Road.
Crawford Post Office, Pereira Road, and Syariah Court.
It's about 55 minutes' walk to The Arts House at the Old Parliament.
653rd
MINLAW, ACS(I), and KJE.
There is a food court selling chendol behind Ridge's house.
Yan Hui Chang, Lim Yew Kuan, and Eleanor Wong.
Cheang Hong Lim, Andrew Ang, and Maria Dyer.
Sultan Abdul Rahman, Oon Jin Gee, and Leslie Kee.
8FXS37
Jeremy recently opened a new Japchae restaurant.
Wee Kim Wee, Ong Ye Kung, and Ling Geok Choon.
Anwarul Haque, Mardan Mamat and Joi Chua? You are not familiar with these names?
8478 3204
sambal kangkong, chilli sauce clams, and lemon barley drink.
I'm a loyal customer of Redoxon.
Chek Jawa, Orchard Towers, and Nicoll Drive.
John Purvis, Tunku Abdul Rahman, and Khoo Sui Hoe.
I am meeting Newton at Wisma Atria first.
Joash Moo, Owyang Chi, and Eu Keng Mun Richard.
6 5 0 5 2 1 4 6 4 7
I like oyster cake very much.
S. Jayakumar, Wang Dayuan, and Chan Wei Ling Cheryl.
Under Armour, MCM, and Faber Castell.
The library recently did a roadshow on Owyang Chi and Adeline Ooi.
How long will it take to walk to Tan Teck Guan Building?
How many calories does a serving of yam talam have?
Foo Chee San, Jacques de Coutre, and Soon Ai Ling.
Kishore Mahbubani, Wong Lin Ken, and Yusnor Ef.
William Robinson, Bilahari Kausikan, and Irene Ng Phek Hoong.
Meridian Junior College
How do I get to Bugis Cube?
PPT Lodge 1A, Bo Tien Temple, and Upper Serangoon Shopping Centre.
Aina, Ibrahim, and Syed.
Dock Road East, Lantana Avenue, and Singapore Pharmacy Council.
Tuas West Underpass, Gardenia Road, and Katong.
Mariam Close, Marine Aquaculture Centre, and Tiger Sky Tower.
Colin Qi Zhe Quan, Cheng Xinru Colin, and Khoo Oon Teik.
Please tell me how to cook chilli sauce clams.
Delmas recently opened a new Tacos restaurant in Podgorica.
Please tell me how to get to Home Team Tactical Centre.
chrysanthemum fried garoupa has special meanings in my country.
Nia recently opened a new Ladoo restaurant in Slovakia.
America met Millie in Nairobi and they chatted about their common love for salted egg crab.
Jalan Pekan Ubin, Compassvale Drive, and Jurong Lake Link.
Margaret Chan, Jack Neo, and Felix Cheong.
16,658
Chanda, Elattuvalapil, and Koratala.
Kiran, Srinivasa, and Naraina.
Tom Yam Goong, Dhokla, and Tenmusu.
Spotlight, Best Denki, and Nana lemon.
Osim, Mobike, and BHG.
Do you know how to cook Okinawa soba?
NUH, MICE, and SUTD.
It's about 41 minutes' walk to Airport Fire Station 1.
A series of biographies about Wen Jinhua, Chan Khun Sing Joseph and Joyce Jue was recently published.
Mee Toh School
Denis Santry, Lim Tik En David, and Sang Nila Utama.
6598 7196
Select the fastest way to Yishun Street 41.
Lee Wung Yew, Paine Eric, and Joash Moo.
Show me the way to Simon Lane.
Abercrombie & Fitch, Vaseline, and Snowbrand.
3 4 6 2 6 2 1 3 5 7
Find the fastest way to Tai Pei Old People's Home.
Tay Chin Joo, Lim Eng Hock Peter, and Lee Gek Seng.
Sir Frank Swettenham, Han Yong May, and B. N. Rao.
Where is the best view in Ukraine?
Does Bratwurst taste good?
Simei Rise, Kim Tian Place, and Champions Golf Course.
Ang Chwee Chai, Lee Ling Yen, and Ho Ching.
813rd
NRIC is S7351068R and date of birth is 14 May 1952.
Tell me the price of wantan mee.
Enjoy your szechuan noodle.
Thomson Medical Centre, Bartley Walk, and Braddell Heights Fire Post.
Abingdon Road, Montreal Drive, and Madras Street.
Rosaline Soon, Foo Kwee Horng, and Sultan Abu Bakar.
Burrito, Chicken Cutlet, and Crepe.
Marie Ethel Bong, Evelyn Goh, and Rodney Tan.
1ZPIOV
Find the fastest way to Changi Ferry Terminal.
NRIC is S1765408X and date of birth is 07 March 2021.
Can I take a bus to Tuas Terminal Road?
How much is wantan mee?
shark's fin soup, paru, and chicken noodles.
What is the fastest way to Podgorica?
Christina loves Falafel.
jian dui has special meanings in my country.
Sundridge Park Road, Grove Road, and Northland Secondary School.
Tower 15, Florida Road, and Battersea Road.
Tanjong Pagar Centre, Bukit Merah West Neighbourhood Police Centre, and Jalan Limbok.
Janil Puthucheary, Tang Da Wu, and Pang Guek Cheng.
What is the easiest way to Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel?
Aditya, Duard, and Effie.
M. Karthigesu, Thomas Stamford Raffles, and Sia Kah Hui.
MeadowLea, QV, and Sofy.
How long will it take to walk to Dunman Lane?
Renata is dropping me off at Chang Ziang Hotel.
P. Ramlee and Robert Yeo has met this person that I know of.
It is faster to take the bus to Overseas Union Bank Centre.
I like kuih suji very much.
Chua Boon Lay, Mohammad Nurrasyid Juraimi and Goh Soo Khim are in the database.
What is the fastest way to Maple Lane?
Nothing beats having Rajma in the summer.
Oliva, Morgan, and Fredrick.
9 9 1 7 5 8 0 8 4 0
Do you know how to cook nasi goreng ikan masin?
What can I use Ionil T for?
curry fish head is a traditional local cuisine.
at a quarter to six today
Show me the way to Kurau Terrace.
CC, PJC, and CNB.
Someone from Dodoma came looking for Samosa.
NRIC is S1594068X and date of birth is 08 April 1951.
There are stories about Maurice Baker, Mok Ying Jang and Khoo Oon Teik in the database.
Zainal Sapari, Goh Rui Si Theresa, and Adelene Wee Chin Suan.
Chicken Tikka, Pulao, and Yakitori.
Coen, Brisa, and Annabelle.
I can't eat all of this fried garoupa.
Please show me the way to Nanyang Technological University Alumni Club.
Sir Frank Swettenham, Jessica Tan Soon Neo, and Robert Goh.
Benzac cream, Atopiclair, and Fibogel.
salted egg yolk sotong is a must-try.
Jalan Ikan Merah Hill, Chencharu Lane, and Dickenson Hill Road.
aloo gobi, mee soto, and nasi goreng ayam.
What is the fastest way to Tua Kong Green?
We studied about Heng Cheng Hwa, Emma Yong and Lau Siew Mei in the class assignment.
Where is Clementi Street?
What are the landmarks near Bo Seng Avenue?
Please look for Azzie when you reach Images of Singapore.
Where is Edgware Road?
PP, BKE, and SBS.
8909 4829
8 9 1 5 4 5 6 9 3 1
Please tell me how to get to Bishan Place.
How long does it take to get to Barbary Walk by taxi?
28 Nov. 1980 06:38:00
Wee Shoo Leong, Vivian Balakrishnan, and Warren Fernandez.
Anita Sarawak, Kenneth Kee, and Santokh Singh Grewal.
Kwong Avenue, Lorong Asrama, and Geylang Road.
Winfield, Tammie, and Aurthur.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Suka?
Albert Winsemius, Hussein Haniff, and Jaafar Latiff.
Enjoy your Tom Yam Goong.
I want to have a look around Nicosia. Please guide me.
DQ1F37
How far away is Watten Estate Road from here?
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Alexandra Terrace?
Dezzie, Halle, and Bill.
Please show me the way to Jalan Melor.
Can I take a bus to The Legends?
Scott's, Floxia, and Tena.
Chai Hon Yoong, Kanwaljit Soin, and Aline Wong.
Autumn is dropping me off at Long Shan Tang Temple.
soto is a traditional local cuisine.
This is the best milo dinosaur in Singapore.
9727 0430
Alexander Laurie Johnston, Thomas Shelford, and William Flint.
I would like to travel to Vientiane.
I like Mugi meshi very much.
Hoon Sian Keng Temple, Adler Hostel, and Petain Road.
Greenwich V, Grand Copthorne Waterfront Hotel, and MOE Dairy Farm Adventure Centre.
kueh rengas, kueh kodok, and nasi goreng ayam kunyit.
3155 2738
27 Sep. 2001 03:58:59
How do I get to Woodlands Centre Road?
Goh Eng Han, Leslie Kee, and T. S. Sinnathuray.
Putra, Aziz, and Khatijah.
Van, Britton, and Harry.
3064 9285
I am waiting for Laken to come back from Ang Mo Kio Polyclinic & Dental Clinic.
round about a quarter to three this afternoon
Jalan Kelulut, MCE Tunnel, and National University of Singapore.
Kamaladevi, Narendra, and Indira.
Danial, Aisyah, and Dayana.
Yulisa, Shiloh, and Dariana.
I can't eat all of this Chicken Casserole.
Find the fastest way to Yishun Avenue.
The fire had caused Dondre, the owner of a kuih syara restaurant, to suffer a million Pound of losses.
Hon Sui Sen, Alvin Pang, and Hri Kumar Nair.
Lamb Vindaloo is very tasty.
Anastasia Tjendri-Liew, Siow Lee-Chin, and Robert Goh.
Tell me the price of Katsu Tendon.
Budget Inn, Ghim Moh Link, and Hindhede Walk.
kuih kochi, kueh pie tee, and e-bua.
Upper East Coast Road
Steve bought Mugi meshi for Barnard.
How many calories does a serving of kueh kemboja have?
What is the distance to Eunos Avenue 8a?
612,095
Citycab, Sakae Sushi, and Optrex.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Cardifi Grove?
Tuas West Underpass, Khoo Teck Puat Hospital, and Telok Blangah Green.
Pad Thai, Gyudon, and Mochi.
Dhokla, Seafood Linguine, and Nanakusa-gayu.
soursop, ayam buah keluak, and tauhu goreng.
Dato Sri Krishna, Ong Siong Kai, and V. Pakirisamy Pillai.
Do you know how to cook min chiang kueh?
coin prata, stir fried chicken with black pepper, and stir fry pork with ginger onions.
Nothing beats having daging penyet in the summer.
Phoenix Garden
Please show me the way to Poh Huat Terrace.
34,946
How long will it take to walk to Emerald Hill Road?
What are the best places to see in Greece?
Please tell me how to get to Jalan Ketuka.
IRAS, AGC, and PSD.
Crocs, Ofo, and Herbal Essences.
Maggie Lim, Foo Ah Bee, and Francis Seow.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Loke Wan Tho, Edmund Blundell, and Prema Letchumanan.
Seah Peck Seah, Ooi Kok Chuen, and Harun bin Abdul Ghani.
lemon chicken, orh nee, and nasi goreng sambal.
Please tell me how to cook tauhu goreng.
Show me the cheapest flights to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It's about 54 minutes' walk to Blue Stars Dormitory.
Cashew Road, Pearl Centre, and Bermuda Road.
Janil Puthucheary, Chau Sik Ting and Devagi Sanmugam? Are you not familiar with these names?
Ee Peng Liang, Hilmi Johandi, and Pauline Dawn Loh.
Deodeok gui, Tortillas, and Mugi meshi.
Could you tell me the way to Sandown Place?
Kaylene is dropping me off at Henderson Road.
Jalan Jitong
Chia Boon Leong, Maurice Baker, and Tan Ban Soon.
Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts Campus 1, National Arthritis Foundation, and Tai Gin Road.
Falafel is a traditional local cuisine.
Alvin Pang, Michael Fam, and Subhas Anandan.
NRIC is S9804752I and date of birth is 14 April 1997.
9382 3077
Enjoy your pineapple tart.
3 9 2 5 2 3 1 1 9 4
Charles Gamba, Ho Ching, and Khoo Teng Soon.
Wong Heck Sing, Tan Yeok Nee, and Cedric Monteiro.
3368 8361
Which bus should I take to Singapore Marriott Hotel?
Listerine, 1664, and M1.
Achsah loves e-bua.
Braddell Underpass, Comcentre, and Toh Drive.
Chee Kong Tet, Lee Huei Min and Singai Mukilan are in the database.
Anthony Then, Chua Chong Long, and Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering.
Sing recently opened a new Wasabi restaurant.
Yip Cheong Fun, Gordon Arthur Ransome, and Abraham Logan.
Masagos Zulkifli, Zainal Sapari, and Shah Hussain.
Noe, Trinity, and Jason.
Ritz Crackers, NYX, and Maybelline.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Fajar Secondary School?
Salsa, Chimichangas, and Korokke.
Png Eng Huat, Brigadier Ivan Simson, and Denis D'Cotta.
Please tell me how to get to Gallop Circus.
Damia, Wan, and Umar.
NRIC is T0285174Q and date of birth is 17 May 2015.
Find the fastest way to ACS Oldham Hall.
Is Moldova on the same latitude as Malta?
You must try begedil when you are here.
LiHo, President, and Silkygirl.
Perrier, Brotzeit, and BIC.
kuih kasturi, rojak, and fried grouper.
Betha, Immanuel, and Ferman.
Chia Boon Leong, Ahmad Mattar, and Colin Qi Zhe Quan.
Select the fastest way to Windsor Nature Park.
Takikomi gohan, Katsu Tendon, and Cham-Cham.
SQ, PAP, and UOB.
Sunset Avenue
Izzara, Yunos, and Andika.
I would like to visit Tel Aviv.
We studied about Tan Siak Kew, Chan Chew Koon Michael and Louis Chen in the class assignment.
Does bak chang taste good?
Tony Tan Keng Joo, Ong Sam Leong, and Goh Guan Siew.
Bethesda Church Bukit Arang, Hindhede Place, and Lorong Mambong.
Quesadillas, Chimichangas, and Kalguksu.
Sundaraiah, Srinivasa, and Ravi Shankar.
Where can I find the best hainanese pork chop?
Benny Se Teo, Edwy Lyonet Talma, and Ho Chee-Kong.
Minestrone is very tasty.
Wave House, Jalan Tiga Ratus, and Green Haven.
I am particular about my Oyakodon.
Gog Sing Hooi, Syed Alsagoff, and Bjorn Shen.
CAD, Rupiah, and Ruble.
Yan Yan, Sandisk, and Sunny Meadow.
Megat, Nadia, and Arifa.
Chua Soo Khim, Ong Ye Kung, and Ragunathar Kanagasuntheram.
36,085
You must try chicken feet when you are here.
4,086,011
sweet and sour fish, tom yam soup, and kueh syara.
Cactus Crescent, Dalhousie Lane, and Bath Road.
How far away is Boys' Brigade and Girls' Brigade Campsite from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Cheo Kim Ban, Ruth Wong Hie King and Ong Kian Peng!
It's about 13 minutes' walk to Nanyang Technological University.
NRIC is S8632017P and date of birth is 24 February 1975.
Please look for Celena when you reach Dickson Road.
Taliyah bought Masoor Dal for Eleanora.
Would you like to visit Harare with me?
This shop sells salted egg yolk calamari.
4 9 6 2 1 3 9 6 0 1
Lee Wen, Richard Olaf Winstedt, and Saw Swee Hock.
Everton Road, Keppel Terminal Avenue, and Pasir Panjang Terminal Gate 4.
Kane Mochi, Monto, and MKUP.
I want to go shopping in Victoria
Madyson, Kiley, and Amma.
What is the cheapest way to Dorset Road?
Tigerbalm, Ocuvite, and Ketoconazole shampoo.
What is the distance to Ean Kiam Place?
Jalan Jelita, Sunrise Drive, and Dedap Place.
Atal, Jahangir, and Ghanshyam.
Cranborne Road
I am waiting for Pearlene to come back from Northumberland Road.
Nabil, Ashraff, and Farah.
Redhill, New Upper Changi Road, and War Memorial Park.
Nanakusa-gayu, Chicken Paprikas, and Katsu Tendon.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Saktiandi Supaat, Tear Ee Soon and Chee Kong Tet.
Kin Chui, Nathan Hartono, and Claire Chiang.
9868 5589
Dellar recently opened a new ayam masak merah restaurant.
Lim Chor Pee, Seow Poh Leng, and Goh Poh Seng.
Freshkon, Megan, and Pierre Cardin.
I knew a person who has met both Tan Kim Seng and Olivia Lum.
Yau Tian Yau, Tay Chong Hai, and Vernon Cornelius.
Adrian Tan, Kelly Tang, and Jimmy Chua.
Flower Road, Lily Avenue, and Nankin Street.
Chan Sek Keong, Koh Bee Tuan Joyce, and Ang Ah Tee.
Ju Eng Home for Senior Citizens, Magazine Road, and Wanderlust Hotel.
How much is Falafel?
NRIC is S9183476C and date of birth is 19 August 1951.
Tell me the price of maggi goreng.
Ketoconazole shampoo, Abbott, and Vichy.
There is a food court selling Gyoza behind Jerrod's house.
Evander, Rocco, and Minervia.
QWFH7M
Bethlehem Bible Presbyterian Church, Fernhill Road, and Square 2.
maggi goreng, curry fish head, and kuih kaswi.
NRIC is S3865420J and date of birth is 17 October 1929.
Nothing beats having nasi goreng seafood in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Siang Cho Keong Temple?
I am meeting Newman at Tian Kong Temple first.
How long does it take to get to Ong Teng Cheong Labour Leadership Institute by taxi?
its quarter to one
SAL, NPC, and JP.
Does murtabak ayam taste good?
Goh Hood Keng, James Richardson Logan, and Georgette Chen.
hati ayam is well-known in my hometown.
Which are the famous attractions in Apia?
Sun Yee, Ong Kian Peng, and Han Tan Juan.
I can't eat all of this Kamameshi.
Where is Textile Centre?
Karaage Fried Chicken, Jajangmyeon, and Ramen.
6132nd
Fairways Drive, Bayfront Lane 1, and Changi East Drive.
This is the best tau huay that I can find.
What is the distance to Mcnair Road?
rojak bandung, keropok, and prata bawang.
What are the landmarks near Bishan Public Library?
Chua Soo Khim, Nicholas Ee, and Ismail Marjan.
Wu Tsai Yen, Lim Nang Seng, and Wong Keen.
Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze is well-known in my hometown.
John Thomson, Rodney Tan, and Joseph Grimberg.
Yaw Shin Leong, Soo Bin Chua, and Cheo Kim Ban.
National University of Singapore, Jalan Kechot, and Ashwood Grove.
Bani Haykal, Jessica Tan Soon Neo, and Sandrasegaran Sidney Woodhull.
My Saviour's Church, Neo Tiew Road, and Marrison at Desker.
0RVL2E
This is the best mee sua that I can find.
Chicken Paprikas, Ramyeon, and Pho.
Carrol, Piper, and Rianna.
How far away is Durham Road from here?
Please show me the way to Canberra View.
kueh kodok is a must-try.
Vans, Nana lemon, and 18Chef.
Sylvia Tan, Balraj Gopal, and Chua Phung Kim.
How long does it take to get to Health Promotion Board by taxi?
pineapple fried rice, char siu, and dosa.
How do I get to Lien Ying Chow Drive?
NRIC is T2069731L and date of birth is 06 December 1931.
8629 8902
Please look for Tyrell when you reach Chi Hock Keng Temple.
Ishak bin Ahmad, Irene Khong, and Sim Wong Hoo.
Hortense loves nasi goreng seafood tiga rasa.
3758 9811
Nicky Moey, Shaikh Ahmad bin Bakar Bin Abdullah Jabbar, and Colin Cheong.
I am meeting Marisela at Loyang Tua Pek Kong Temple first.
What is the cheapest way to Figaro Gardens?
Joseph Isaac Schooling, Toh Kim Hwa, and Eddino Abdul Hadi.
What are the landmarks near MOE Building?
Nothing beats having Ochazuke in the summer.
Show me the way to Jalan Kampong Siglap.
How do I get to Lorong Kilat?
It is faster to take the bus to Jurong Christian Church.
Can I take the MRT to Jurong Gateway Road?
Sai Hua Kuan, Zhuang Shengtao, and Cheng Tsang Man.
Richard Tay Tian Hoe, Tang Da Wu, and Huang Shiqi Joan.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Chuan Place?
Secret Recipe, Eveready, and Kopitiam.
Bolden, Misael, and Micayla.
Please show me the way to Bliss Hotel Singapore.
By using names such as Art Fazil, J. Y. Pillay and Derek Wong Zi Liang -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Siglap Plain, Public Service Division, and Silat Avenue.
NRIC is T4736291V and date of birth is 03 May 2019.
Sabra, Aaliyah, and Miah.
Which T3 product is the best-selling?
3CE, Hilker, and Ducati.
1187th
Could you tell me the way to Whampoa West?
I am meeting Malvina at Festive Hotel first.
Select the fastest way to Woodlands Street.
09 Sep. 2028 17:07:48
Salami, Soba, and Tenmusu.
Medu Vada, Kamameshi, and Gobchang gui.
Ho Ho Ying
There is a food court selling Fish and Chips behind Fronie's house.
Kishore Mahbubani, Mohamed Eunos Abdullah, and Lim Chuan Poh.
Could you tell me the way to The Harvest Force?
What can I do in Ethiopia?
I am waiting for Odalys to come back from Rebecca Road.
Please look for Jasper when you reach Balmoral Point.
How many calories does a serving of Jingisukan have?
How long does it take to get to Jamaica Road by taxi?
Goh Lay Kuan, Lim Chong Yah, and Koh Mui Hiang Julie.
herbal egg, pig's organ soup, and chinese spinach.
Where is Police Licensing and Regulatory Department?
Floxia, Scott's, and Vitahealth.
This is the best Takikomi gohan in Singapore.
Jalan Kelempong, Civil Defence Academy, and Kong Hock Keng Temple.
Please tell me how to cook Tom Yam Goong.
Sangobion, Benzac cream, and Sterimar.
steamed grouper, popiah, and peanut butter jelly ice cream.
Upper Hokkien Street, Jalan Lepas, and Jalan Kuang.
Thomas Stamford Raffles, William Goode, and Ng Teng Fong.
Can I take a bus to Bukit Merah View?
How long will it take to walk to The Cognitive Development Learning Centre?
Reservoir Link, Jalan Mashor, and Swettenham Green.
What is the distance to Serangoon Link?
Select the fastest way to Mayo Inn.
yao cai ji tang is a traditional local cuisine.
nutella tart, mee tai mak, and nasi goreng kerang.
This shop sells crispy golden brown mantou.
Can I take a bus to Dalvey Estate?
Woodlands Waterfront Promenade, Ng Teng Fong Hospital & Jurong Community Hospital, and Paragon Shopping Centre.
Blaine, Henrietta, and Dulcie.
I like png tao very much.
Where can I find the best Alu Matar?
Tena is having a discount.
Lorrie, Namon, and Rhianna.
6 5 4 9 2 8 7 7 0 5
There is a food court selling Okinawa soba behind Blossom's house.
Justin Zhuang, Koh Seng Leong and Franklin Charles Gimson? You are not familiar with these names?
Chancery Lane, Robinson Point, and Chestnut Crescent.
CHIJ Saint Nicholas Girls, Chang Ziang Hotel, and Cable Road.
Imogene, Milas, and Theola.
butter calamari, chilli crab, and fried grouper.
There is a food court selling Unadon behind Zenas' house.
It's about 42 minutes' walk to Lorong Sari.
Kyle, Scarlet, and Shyla.
mutton stew is very tasty.
Zaniyah, Blas, and Kacie.
Arline bought Fritada for Norton.
I can't eat all of this lemper udang.
Can I take the MRT to Toh Guan Road?
Do you know how to cook butter prawns?
Savannah loves telur dadah.
Mistie, Nona, and Jose.
How much is oxtail soup?
Jajangmyeon, Gulab Jamun, and Alu Matar.
8
sugar cane juice, lemak siput, and prata telur.
Does Taco Salad taste good?
Q1W8P7
Tan I Tong, Yeo Yeow Kwang, and Desmond Choo.
The class assignment was to study about Boey Kim Cheng, Pauline Dawn Loh and Chan Meng Wah Alexander.
Vikram Nair, Philip Jeyaretnam, and Babes Conde.
Saag Paneer, Ochazuke, and Fish and Chips.
Florissa Park, Velocity@Novena Square, and Serangoon Road.
Enjoy your har cheong gai.
Zalia
Yeo Wei Wei, Goh Rui Si Theresa, and Chris Yeo Siew Hua.
Anitra is dropping me off at Arton Hotel.
The Cabinet & Cabinet Office, Eunos Crescent, and Third Hospital Avenue.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Suzairhe Sumari and Chao Tzee Cheng.
Woodlands Centre Road, Tanglin Club, and Commercial Affairs Department.
Do you know where is Chai Chee Neighbourhood Police Post?
King's, Freshkon, and Yamaha.
Hummus is a must-try.
just after half past one in the afternoon
Frank Wilmin Brewer, Foo Chee Han, and Lim Bo Yam.
Singapore Economic Development Board, Springwood Heights, and Rosyth Terrace.
Dorsey, Mikel, and Isabela.
Where can I find the best bistake?
How far away is Lorong 9 Geylang from here?
Chin Terrace, International Baptist Church, and City House.
Animal & Plant Health Centre, Metta School, and SCCCI Building.
A series of biographies about Tan Kim Tian, Judith Prakash and Rosaline Soon was recently published.
8202 3414
Intan Azura Mokhtar, Maria Hertogh, and Liang Wenfu.
Quesadillas, Chicken Paprikas, and Teriyaki.
I am particular about my nasi goreng ayam kunyit.
Satyendra, Kanshi, and Jagat.
Show me the way to Singapore Swimming Club.
How many calories does a serving of peanut butter jelly ice cream have?
There are stories about Frank Cloutier, Teo-Koh Sock Miang and Quek Ling Kiong in the database.
Chang Ziang Hotel, Jalan Chengam, and Tree House.
Is Seychelles a great place to spend the summer holiday?
Bunga Rampai Place, Nature Discovery, and Townsville Primary School.
Where is Lorong Tukang Lima?
Tan Choo Kai, Koh Guan Song, and Lim Kim Boon.
8613 1953
chilli crab is a must-try.
NRIC is S6827534T and date of birth is 07 May 1978.
NTU, NEL, and SEAB.
Leo Hee Tong
Phan Ming Yen, Abraham Logan, and Loo Zihan.
Sunglass Hut, La Famiglia, and LG.
Seneca, Webb, and Sherron.
Sebastian, Markel, and Belia.
IP, PWD, and SMRT.
Elwanda bought otah for Willodean.
Kwek Siew Jin, Dennis Bloodworth, and Chan Sek Keong.
The people included in the list are Murali Pillai, David Wilson and Ho Kwon Ping.
SPCA, CAAS, and JP.
Find the fastest way to Canberra Drive.
Ng Liang Chiang, Goh Pei Siong Daniel, and Claire Tham.
93,960
Which bus should I take to Tanjong Pagar Railway Station?
6050 7438
Tung Chye Hong, Abdullah Tarmugi, and Alexander Guthrie.
Tell me the price of Fritada.
Goh Ee Choo, Zhang Youshuo, and Lim Nee Soon.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Lorong Kemunchup?
Show me the way to Crawford Post Office.
Margy recently opened a new ayam panggang restaurant.
Levi's, Singtel, and Yun Nam Hair Care.
It is faster to take the bus to AXA Life Building.
Bethlehem Bible Presbyterian Church, Chong Hua Tong Tou Teck Hwee, and St George's Lane.
I like nasi ambeng very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Rahim Omar and Rebecca Chua.
Christina Ong, Chua Thian Poh, and Beurel Jean-Marie.
3619 9448
FMSS, AMK, and STB.
Tay Kay Chin, Joseph Balestier, and Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering.
You must try Dak Galbi when you are here.
Sunquick, Phillips, and Fristine.
Dak Galbi, Hummus, and Alu Gobi.
NRIC is T9346018F and date of birth is 07 July 2020.
Do you know how to cook Currywurst?
Apple, Rayban, and Kawasaki.
B. S. Rajhans, Chua Poh Leng, and Song Koon Poh.
Vivekananda, Chandra, and Pawan.
Shanti Pereira, Peter Lee, and Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir.
TLN920
Kang Siong Joo, Fong Chong Pik, and Lim Thean Soo.
How do I get to Pemimpin Place?
braised pork knuckle is a traditional local cuisine.
nasi ambeng is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook dosa.
Loy Chye Chuan and Sam Leong has met this person that I know of.
Bengawan Solo, Desigual, and Beauty UK.
BKE, ACS(I), and NUS.
Lamb Vindaloo, Falafel, and Spaghetti Bolognese.
9 3 4 3 9 0 0 1 4 5
North Perimeter Road, Jalan Mempurong, and Damai Secondary School.
What are the landmarks near Moonbeam Terrace?
Normand is dropping me off at Cerebral Palsy Alliance.
Lush, OWL, and Silkpro.
Do you know where is Singapore Polytechnic?
Lulah, Taryn, and Domingo.
Simon Place
Ya Kun, Golden Chance, and Iora.
Urea cream, Growell, and Convatec.
Arthur Ernest Percival, Ho Yen Wah Jesmine, and Ang Peng Tiam.
Tan Sin Aun, Madeleine Lee, and Ang Teck Bee.
I can't eat all of this telur mata lembu.
round about half past six in the evening
Jeanetta, Tab, and Wilton.
Bentley, London Dairy, and Thirsty Hippo.
Chew Boon Lay, Ahmad Jais, and Jerry Ng.
Please look for Trayvon when you reach Anchorvale Drive.
Please tell me how to get to Elizabeth Drive.
Ochazuke, Tonkatsu, and Chapati.
Wellington is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
soto is very tasty.
I am waiting for Gennie to come back from Sri Lankaramaya Temple.
NRIC is S5068139J and date of birth is 26 October 1967.
Do you know where is Cook Street?
Lai Kew Chai, Foo Chee Keng Cedric, and Joi Chua.
Sandra loves kuih rengas.
I am waiting for Ruthie to come back from Newton Cirus.
Find the fastest way to Wilkie Terrace.
Old Sarum Road
Kallang Pudding Road, Hillview, and Choa Chu Kang Way.
Jay Lim, Wong Kah Chun, and Chan Sow Lin.
I like Carrot Halwa very much.
Singapore Cricket Club, Stamford American International School, and Maxwell Link.
PSA, SMU, and EJC.
Babasaheb, Birbal, and Rajan.
Tell me the price of red ruby.
Toh Liying, Ang Hiong Chiok, and Rufino Soliano.
Which bus should I take to One'l5 Marina Club One?
Sumiko Tan, Koh Buck Song, and Chiam See Tong.
85,889
nasi campur, ban mian, and popiah seafood.
Jalan Bena, Sembawang Wharves Gate, and SCAL Dormitory.
What is the easiest way to Jalan Terubok?
Jerrel, Rusty, and Dionicio.
Chan Keng Howe Harry, Goh Eng Wah, and Tan Gee Paw.
7 6 6 7 5 4 3 8 3 8
Ocuvite is a well-known brand.
Sri Vairavimada Kaliamman Temple, Heart of God Church, and Plumer Road.
Huddington Avenue, Wilkinson Road, and Mount Rosie Terrace.
This shop sells Pretzel.
Marshall Road, Toa Payoh Industrial Park, and Auckland Road East.
salted egg yolk calamari, steamed grouper, and fishball noodle.
Tay Yong Kwang, Goh Hood Keng, and Naraina Pillai.
A*STAR Graduate Academy, Raffles Quay, and Airport Boulevard.
Christa is dropping me off at Hawaii Tower.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Cairnhill Road?
How many calories does a serving of soya beancurd have?
Margrett, Marlene, and Aliyah.
Kampong Arang Road, Australian International School, and Saint Stephen's School.
H0XBEC
Are there food courts or restaurants near Irau Drive?
Abdullah, Hana, and Seri.
Lim Seok Hui, Wan Soon Bee, and Tan Kee Sek.
Do you know how to cook tang yuen?
tang yuen, sam lau, and dim sum.
Nothing beats having hati ayam in the summer.
Yunnan Drive
Please show me the way to Redhill Close.
7,646,518
How long will it take to walk to First Hospital Avenue?
I am thinking of visiting Burkina Faso. Can you go with me?
Donia recently opened a new kuih kasturi restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Lengkong Empat.
SST, GED, and LRT.
Dreyers, Yoshinoya, and Pagoda Brand.
How long will it take to walk to Whampoa South?
Goh Eck Kheng, Anne Wong Holloway, and Lim Fei Shen.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Yap Ee Chian, Tay Seow Huah, and Ong Tiong Khiam.
Chua Gim Guan Jimmy, Ahmad Ibrahim, and Zoe Tay.
mee sua, black pepper crab, and steamed tapioca cake.
Please tell me how to cook hae mee.
Where should I go in Somalia?
It's about 26 minutes' walk to Martin Place.
Aviation Drive, Jalan Bahagia, and Jalan Bintang Tiga.
Hong Sek Chern, Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis and Eric Low? Are you not familiar with these names?
Dorothy Krishnan, Braema Mathi, and Magdalene Khoo.
Alu Matar, Pizza, and Yaki soba.
Could you tell me the way to Warren Golf & Country Club?
Tamie is dropping me off at Carlton City Hotel.
Benoi Sector
Yuni Hadi, Eu Tong Sen, and Tan Chay Yan.
Sampan Place, Cosford Road, and Jalan Binja.
Number sequence is S9164530X and date of birth is 06 May 1958.
Xenical Orlistat Capsules, Dhamotil Atropine Tablets, and Castellani's Paint Stainless.
9221 2604
Enjoy your xiao long bao.
2 8 9 3 8 3 4 5 9 7
26 Sep. 2022 10:28:40
Benjamin Frank, Patrick Tay Teck Guan, and Josef Ng.
Yu Zhuye, Chan Heng Chee, and Lim Nang Seng.
3312 0674
Gilera, Optical 88, and McCormick.
Enjoy your Mochi.
Al loves Kushiyaki.
David Marshall, Santha Bhaskar, and Tommy Koh.
Braeden recently opened a new Date Tamarind Chutney restaurant.
Coleen, Jailene, and Samara.
Yan Yan, Heinekein, and NAN.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Lorong Pisang Hijau?
Tacos, Tonkatsu, and Samgyeopsal.
Umar Abdullah Al-Khatib, Anne Wong Holloway, and Kirpal Singh.
Please tell me how to get to St George's Lane.
Adi, Dwi, and Sarah.
Number sequence is S7983526Y and date of birth is 25 September 1954.
Find the fastest way to Madras Hotel.
Is there a Singapore embassy in Uganda?
You must try hokkien mee when you are here.
Esso, Fruit Plus, and Prada.
Avenue Kids, Ricardo Beverly Hills, and Hang Ten.
nasi goreng belacan, telur dadah, and sweet and sour deep fried fish.
Retta, Delvin, and Freeman.
Select the fastest way to Admiralty Park.
Wasabi, Medu Vada, and Sambar.
GSS, FT, and LKY.
Alaunia Lodge
I would like to visit Ottawa.
We studied about Tan Cheng Kee, Iskandar Shah and Gaurav Kripalani in the class assignment.
Does shredded chicken noodles taste good?
Samgeyopsal, Fugu, and Okinawa soba.
Neila, Amit, and Mahatma.
Nan Hua High School
Monsunabe is very tasty.
Kuang Chee Tng Buddhist Association, Meng Suan Road, and Li Hwan Terrace.
I am particular about my Barfi.
Tay Yong Kwang, Lee Seng Wee, and Aline Wong.
Riel, SGD, and Yen.
I am meeting Rhys at Broadrick Close first.
R. Ramachandran, George Edwin Bogaars, and Chua Ah-Huwa Monica.
134,407
You must try nasi campur when you are here.
432,876
kuih rengas, steamed rice cake with preserved radish, and katong laksa.
Lower Ring Road, Corporation Walk, and Saint Andrew's Autism Centre.
How far away is SAFRA Punggol from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Lim Siew Wai William, Wee Lin and Ip Yiu Tung!
It's about 29 minutes' walk to Jurong Christian Church.
Number sequence is S3718609H and date of birth is 11 August 2020.
Please look for Vina when you reach Kang Choo Bin Road.
9 9 6 7 2 4 7 1 3 4
I want to go shopping in Addis Ababa
What is the easiest way to Mowbray Road?
Convatec, Propass, and Nutren.
What is the distance to Kampong Ubi Neighbourhood Police Post?
Amartya, Suppiah, and Arvind.
Chek Jawa
I am waiting for Nestor to come back from Peicai Secondary School.
Dollah, Adam, and Alyssa.
The JTC Summit, Teochew Funeral Parlour, and Lorong Kebasi.
Rajma, Mochi, and Pork Bulgogi.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about S. Varathan, Kuak Nam Jin and Tan Tong Hye.
Yeo Tiam Siew, Jack Lai, and Alfian Sa'at.
8699 7235
Jenniffer recently opened a new kari lemak ayam restaurant.
Derek Wong Zi Liang, Tan Chin Tuan, and David Ong Kim Huat.
Torigo, Cowhead, and Fristine.
I knew a person who has met both Ng Li Chin and Jose D'Almeida.
Su Guaning, Gu Juan, and Tan Hwee Hock.
Alexander Wolters, Huang Shiqi Joan, and Ng Bee Kia.
Loke Yew Street, Tanjong Pagar Plaza, and New Town Secondary School.
Khoo Teng Soon, Joaquim D'Almeida, and Abdul Aziz Pakkeer Mohamed.
Dalvey Road, Furama Riverfront, and Queen's Road.
How much is Lime Pickle?
Number sequence is T6012839U and date of birth is 05 April 1994.
Tell me the price of curry chicken.
Natura House, Zappy, and Strepsils.
There is a food court selling hokkien mee behind Beatrice's house.
Bridgette, Jaylynn, and Daija.
T9F0KM
Sultan Gate, Yarrow Gardens, and Potong Pasir.
soya beancurd, otah, and char siu.
Number sequence is T7568230K and date of birth is 07 March 1934.
Nothing beats having goreng pisang in the summer.
How long does it take to get to Singapore Association For The Deaf by taxi?
DSTA, CIP, and AMK.
Dhershini Govin Winodan, Tan Kian Por, and Chen Shiji.
sweet and sour sotong is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Panama City.
Heng Swee Keat, Sai Hua Kuan, and Edmund William Barker.
I can't eat all of this Gyoza.
Where is Backpackers Inn Chinatown?
Agedashi dofu, Spaghetti Bolognese, and Sambar.
Redhill Close, Geylang East Central, and Lorong Kembang.
This is the best fried oyster that I can find.
What is the distance to Jalan Dua?
lemper udang, mushroom tofu, and appam.
What are the landmarks near Andrew Road?
Lim Thean Soo, Edmund Wee, and Tan Cheng Lock.
Kirpal Singh, Syed Mohamed Ahmed, and Wee Cho Yaw.
Tonkatsu is well-known in my hometown.
How much is sliced fish soup?
Jay Lim, Goh Eck Kheng, and Fred de Souza.
Wee Lin, Pang Guek Cheng, and Yeo Yeow Kwang.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Serenade Walk?
The Plaza, West Coast Grove, and One North Link.
94R8DP
This is the best mango sago that I can find.
How far away is Seraya Crescent from here?
Please show me the way to Lien Ying Chow Drive.
soto ayam is a must-try.
Zalora, Harvey Norman, and Peter Pan.
Cheang Hong Lim, Lina Chiam, and Chen Kezhan Henri.
How long does it take to get to Crowne Plaza Changi Airport by taxi?
rempeyek, butter prawns, and fish head bee hoon.
How do I get to Technology Crescent?
Number sequence is T6018734T and date of birth is 05 April 1943.
9761 2655
Please look for Ardelia when you reach Nanyang View.
Look Yan Kit, Jack Neo, and Aisyah Lyana.
Renada loves boiled abalone soup.
3370 5491
What are the landmarks near Jalan Papan?
Nothing beats having Fish and Chips in the summer.
Show me the way to Montfort Junior School.
How do I get to Ipoh Lane?
It is faster to take the bus to The Seletar Mall.
Fong Sip Chee, Iau Kuo Kwong Robert, and Darrell Ang.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Catholic High School?
OCBC Bank, Prada, and Baygon.
Mallie, Stephon, and Khari.
Please show me the way to Gentle Drive.
By using names such as Tanya Chua, Iskandar Ismail and James Richardson Logan -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Ibis Singapore on Bencoolen, Kee Seng Street, and Jalan Enam.
Number sequence is S1597843R and date of birth is 12 November 1998.
2931st
I am meeting Margy at Ayer Rajah Neighbourhood Police Post first.
Select the fastest way to Shalom Baptist Chapel.
13 Aug. 1982 17:12:29
Fugu, Nachos, and Kushiyaki.
Oyakodon, Lime Pickle, and Jokbal.
There is a food court selling pig organ soup behind Sonja's house.
Audrey Wong, Ken Lim, and Yeo Shih Yun.
Could you tell me the way to Jumbo Jet Drive?
What is the latest Dermaveen product?
Where is the best view in Chad?
I am waiting for Gabe to come back from Poi Ching School.
Please look for Evaline when you reach Northoaks Primary School.
27 Sep. 1990 07:08:16
How many calories does a serving of Hiyashi chuka have?
How long does it take to get to Almond Avenue by taxi?
Lim Bo Yam, Lam Pin Min, and Tan Paey Fern.
Suu balm, Dermaveen, and Enervon.
This is the best Nanakusa-gayu that I can find.
Bukit Merah Lane, Yishun Green Link, and Lee Ah Mooi Old Age Home.
Please tell me how to cook Coriander Chutney.
coconut kuih, chicken pocket, and traditional sponge cake.
Dunbar Walk, M Hotel Singapore, and Jalan Satu.
Thomas Shelford, M. Saffri A. Manaf, and Benjamin Frank.
How long will it take to walk to Conway Grove?
Jalan Tupai, Bethel Presbyterian Church, and Brighton Community Church.
What is the distance to Bukit Ho Swee Crescent?
Select the fastest way to Langsat Road.
ginger onions pork is a traditional local cuisine.
hainanese curry rice, tapak kuda, and satay bee hoon.
This shop sells mee soto.
Can I take a bus to MacPherson MRT Station?
KFI Karting Circuit, Marine Parade Fire Post, and Kampong Wak Hassan.
Mitch, Michelle, and Ala.
nasi goreng pattaya, onion thosai, and garlic chicken.
I like nasi goreng ikan masin very much.
Where can I find the best Teriyaki?
Olof, Abel, and Lemuel.
8 6 4 7 2 2 0 0 1 1
Derek Wong Zi Liang, Alex Yam Ziming and Tan Soo Khoon? You are not familiar with these names?
Redhill Road, Orange Grove Road, and Hokien Street.
Lock Road, Trilight, and DBS Building.
nasi ambeng, dim sum, and teochew huat kueh.
There is a food court selling Fugu behind Lulu's house.
It's about 21 minutes' walk to Jalan Bahtera.
Kem, Allena, and Cordelia.
pulut tatal is very tasty.
Freeman bought sweet and sour chicken for Raymon.
I can't eat all of this kopi o.
Can I take the MRT to Punggol MRT Station?
Do you know how to cook fish soup bee hoon?
Demi, Lura, and Arnie.
How much is steamed rice cake?
Nanakusa-gayu, Yakitori, and Jajangmyeon.
hainanese chicken rice, butter pork ribs, and katong laksa.
Does Medu Vada taste good?
YC7HRM
Low Ing Sing, Khoo Swee Chiow, and Isaac Henry Burkill.
Khoo Swee Chiow, Goh Chok Tong, and Tao Li.
Vegetable Jalfrezi, Alu Matar, and Jajangmyeon.
Ghim Moh Road, Min Wah Hotel, and Woodlands Causeway.
Enjoy your mochi ice cream.
Sha'ari bin Tadin, Perumal Govindaswamy, and Tan Wu Meng.
Carmella is dropping me off at St George's Road.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Lim Hock Siew and Glen Goei.
Do you know where is Jelapang Road?
Apgujeong, Beats, and Listerine.
Tamago kake gohan is a must-try.
Akyab Road, Cooling Close, and Jalan Pernama.
Where can I find the best herbal soup?
How far away is Tyersall Avenue from here?
Bright Hill Drive, Changi North Street, and Park 22 Hotel.
Lorong Samak, Airport Police Division, and Jalan Gelenggang.
A series of biographies about Tan Lian Chye, Charles Burton Buckley and Zhang Youshuo was recently published.
8884 6922
Wendy Hutton, George Quek, and Tan I Tong.
Imoni, Lentil soup, and Jalebi.
I am particular about my sambal stingray.
Show me the way to Pasar Lane.
How many calories does a serving of clay pot mee have?
There are stories about Linn In Hua, Eng Tow and Suratman Markasan in the database.
Singapore Gamma Knife Centre, Republic Boulevard, and Yayasan Mendaki.
Joo Hong Road, Tuas South Dormitory, and Singapore Science Centre.
8610 3410
NUSSU, SGX, and MI.
PastaMania
Robert Ibbetson, Ibrahim Omar, and Ang Peng Siong.
City Chain, Friskies, and Mr Potato.
Mariah bought Masoor Dal for Reyna.
The people included in the list are Peter Lee, Ee Boon Kong Henry and Joseph Isaac Schooling.
NAC, SUTD, and YMCA.
Find the fastest way to Kreta Ayer.
6167 0702
40,061
Which bus should I take to National Archives of Singapore?
3710 0503
Edwy Lyonet Talma, Darryl David, and Joseph McNally.
Tell me the price of Okonomiyaki.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Lentor Avenue?
Show me the way to Villa Francis Nursing Home.
Trena recently opened a new Saag Paneer restaurant.
The Laughing Cow, Dell, and Ssangyong.
It is faster to take the bus to Clarke Quay Central.
Dedap Link, Dempsey Road, and Gul Avenue.
The library recently did a roadshow on Arthur Ernest Percival and Tan Chin Tuan.
Paine Eric, Ong Beng Seng, and V. K. Rajah.
6629 2535
FMSS, NPCC, and TPJC.
Chee Soon Juan, Yatiman Yusof, and Desmond Choo.
You must try Kimchi jjigae when you are here.
Chupa Chups, Alba, and Taobao.
Number sequence is S7281569Y and date of birth is 20 October 1970.
I am particular about my epok-epok sardin.
Jacob's, Everlast, and Peter Pan.
Haresh, Sundaraiah, and Anand.
Tan Teck Soon, Ong Ah Hoi, and Jean Tay.
kueh talam tepong pandan is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook pecel lele.
Umar Abdullah Al-Khatib and Tan Tock Seng has met this person that I know of.
0 0 3 9 3 2 6 9 6 8
Chin Bee Drive, DigiPen Institute of Technology, and Teng Tong Road.
Tomas is dropping me off at Jasmine Road.
Yoplait, Canadian Pizza, and Acwell.
Do you know where is Bukit Timah Expressway?
Neppie, Claiborne, and Omarion.
Berocca, Natura Stoma, and Bonjela.
Linn In Hua, Maria Hertogh, and A. P. Rajah.
Philip Jackson, Paul Abisheganaden, and Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth.
Juthika Ramanathan, Sophia Blackmore, and Tan Biyun.
Suva is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
seafood fried rice is very tasty.
Number sequence is S5714630Y and date of birth is 30 August 1921.
Do you know where is Nature Walk?
Dejon loves Chapati.
I am waiting for Jabbar to come back from Singapore Kwangtung Hui Kuan.
Jalan Kelulut, Garlick Avenue, and Jalan Kurnia.
Find the fastest way to The Old Nanyang University Library & Administration Building.
Ferris bought mapo tofu for Mickie.
Saint Regis Hotel, Public Relations Academy, and Paya Lebar Chinese Methodist Church.
Syed Mohamed Ahmed, Kavignareru Amallathasan, and Joseph Isaac Schooling.
I like Salami very much.
Cuscaden Road, SAFRA Tampines, and Happy Avenue Central.
Tell me the price of chai kueh.
Tan See Boo, Tan Seng Yong, and Aw Boon Haw.
Which bus should I take to Segar Road?
kueh kaswi, pak thong ko, and deep fried ngoh hiang.
Jalan Terentang, Helios Residences, and Yio Chu Kang Road.
What is the fastest way to Potong Pasir?
1 5 1 2 0 6 4 6 4 5
I'm a loyal customer of Cartigain.
Eng Kong Drive, Zhen Ren Gong Temple, and Malan Road.
Admiralty Drive, Joo Seng Road, and Council for Estate Agencies.
Tiong Bahru Road, Kampong Wak Hassan, and Tukang Innovation Lane.
mui kee, seafood tom yum, and marshmallow cheesecake.
Margaret Drive Dormitory, Frankel Walk, and Rienzi Street.
Convatec is loved by its customers worldwide.
Bernardine is dropping me off at One'l5 Marina Club One.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Rochor?
How many calories does a serving of baby squid have?
Kelli, Eleanora, and Ailene.
Stamford American International School, Nanyang Khek Community Guild, and Artillery Road.
Do you know how to cook aloo gobi?
Nothing beats having stir fried pork with black pepper in the summer.
Hu Tsu Tau Richard
Please show me the way to Jalan Lanjut.
How long will it take to walk to National Shooting Centre?
I would like to have a long stay in Sint Maarten.
Tula recently opened a new Kushiyaki restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Nei Xue Tang Buddhist Art Museum.
How long will it take to walk to Admiralty West Prison?
Andre Filipe Desker, Ng Liang Chiang, and Kirsten Tan.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Hussein Haniff, Jacob Ballas, and Syed Omar Mohamed.
Lim Sun Gee, Loh Ah Chee, and Mavis Hee.
kari kepala ikan, hee pan, and teh tarik.
Please tell me how to cook nasi goreng pattaya.
Show me the cheapest flights to Cuba.
It's about 57 minutes' walk to Foo Hai Ch'an Monastery.
High Street Centre, East Coast Terrace, and Thong Bee Road.
Lim Chee Onn, Sim Ann and Tay Bak Koi? Are you not familiar with these names?
Yaki udon, Papadum, and Alu Matar.
Could you tell me the way to San Yu Adventist School?
K. Jayamani
Oon Jin Teik, Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth, and Cecil Clementi.
Minestrone is a traditional local cuisine.
George Edwin Bogaars, Li Nanxing, and Amy Khor.
Number sequence is T7435612D and date of birth is 31 December 1939.
Colimix Simethicone Syrup, Nicotinell Nicotine Patch, and Difflam Forte Throat Spray.
8929 3527
Enjoy your serunding.
2 9 8 4 2 8 1 0 6 0
10 Jul. 1989 06:35:39
Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir, Khoo Sui Hoe, and Sonny Liew.
6819 3058
Which bus should I take to Parry Hall?
Enjoy your Boribap.
Edith loves mushroom beancurd.
Tear Ee Soon, Braema Mathi and Tan Howe Liang are in the database.
Tan Tong Hye, Spencer Chapman, and Law Shau Ping Peter.
Jerod recently opened a new Yakizakana restaurant.
Lim Kay Siu, Michael Fam, and Cheng Xinru Colin.
T. Kulasekaram, Yip Cheong Fun, and Charles Edward Faber.
Jonnie, Halle, and Tayshaun.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Moulmein Rise?
Minestrone, Yaki udon, and Naan.
Agnes Joaquim, Zainudin Nordin, and Loh Kok Heng.
Please tell me how to get to Jalan Turi.
Ummi, Omar, and Guntur.
Number sequence is T1476289T and date of birth is 15 June 1997.
Find the fastest way to Brani Marine Fire Station.
How about a tour in Guatemala?
You must try plaster prata when you are here.
Bundaberg, Whiskas, and Tommy Hilfiger.
lala, daal, and teh tarik.
John Hitchcock, Ken Lim, and S. Rajaratnam.
Select the fastest way to Gap Year Hostel.
USS, CBD, and CIP.
Hougang Mall
I want to have a long stay in Ankara. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about Tham Yui Kai, Yvonne Ng Uhde and Murali Pillai in the class assignment.
May Ooi Yu Fen, Ng Yi-Sheng, and Rita Chao.
Breadsticks, Kushikatsu, and Seafood Paella.
Shivaji, Manohar, and Keeravani.
Where can I find the best deep fried ngoh hiang?
Heng Cheng Hwa, Oon Jin Teik, and Du Nanfa.
Barfi is very tasty.
Aljunied Avenue 5, Figaro Street, and SIT @ Republic Polytechnic.
I am particular about my Tekkadon.
Ruble, HKD, and Rupiah.
I am meeting Alphonsus at Centre for Employability Skills first.
P. V. Sharma, Barry Desker, and Morgan Chua.
You must try white bee hoon when you are here.
947,676
Singapore Rowing Centre, ITE Headquarters, and Hastings Road.
How far away is Yuhua from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Tay Chin Joo, Shaffiq Selamat and Quentin Pereira!
It's about 32 minutes' walk to Florida Road.
Number sequence is T5430167P and date of birth is 05 December 1945.
Please look for Aron when you reach Singapore Korean School.
Aidyn bought Wasabi for Goldie.
Would you like to visit Georgetown with me?
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Bahar.
This shop sells bee hoon soup.
4 3 4 6 0 2 1 2 7 5
Outward Bound School Camp 2, Hoover Hotel, and Singapore Labour Foundation.
Show me the best hotels in Nicosia.
What is the cheapest way to Eco Garden Way?
La Roche Porsay, Centrum, and Accucheck.
80 Robinson Road, Ho Ching Road, and Australian International School.
Keeravani, Razia, and Chandi.
I am waiting for Jamila to come back from Sri Vairavimada Kaliamman Temple.
Youth Olympic Park, Singapore Tourism Board, and Singapore Marriott Hotel.
Raita, Japchae, and Crepe.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Huang Shiqi Joan, Lee Tjin and Lim Cheng Hoe.
Lee Choon Kee, Lim Kim Boon, and Iskandar Ismail.
8155 8401
Suzie recently opened a new cheese naan restaurant.
Yoshinoya, SK Jewellery, and QBread.
I knew a person who has met both Kenneth Mitchell and Tay Bin Wee.
S. Varathan, Frank Cloutier, and Ong Ah Hoi.
Fong Sip Chee, Henn Tan, and Richard Eric Holttum.
Ocean Way, Jalan Lateh, and Fisher Street.
Muhammad Ariff Ahmad, Murali Pillai, and Mah Bow Tan.
Tan Tock Seng Hospital, Conway Circle, and Poh Huat Road.
How much is Pho?
Number sequence is T6387021P and date of birth is 17 October 1951.
Tell me the price of punggol nasi lemak.
There is a food court selling Vermicelli behind Della's house.
Shemar, Lutie, and Buena.
ARUS68
Phillips Avenue, Hemmant Road, and Depot Road.
crayfish beehoon, chicken feet, and nasi goreng.
Number sequence is S7362985L and date of birth is 28 April 1942.
Nothing beats having ice-cream bread in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Geylang Bahru?
I am meeting Ruel at Fairfield Methodist School first.
How long does it take to get to Springleaf Link by taxi?
SEAB, AMK, and MOF.
Does nasi goreng ayam kunyit taste good?
Nai Swee Leng, Chua Sian Chin, and Kok Heng Leun.
crayfish beehoon is well-known in my hometown.
I want to have a look around Zagreb. Please guide me.
I can't eat all of this Yaki udon.
Where is Refinery Road?
Carrot Halwa, Bratwurst, and Teriyaki.
Budget Inn, Pennefather Road, and Turnhouse Road.
This is the best deep fried pork knuckle that I can find.
What is the distance to Bugis+?
What are the landmarks near Parry Avenue?
Aaron Maniam, George Yeo Yong-Boon, and Denis D'Cotta.
Michael Wong Hong Teng, Lee Siew Choh, and Phan Wait Hong.
Cham-Cham is well-known in my hometown.
Punch Coomaraswamy, Rahim Omar, and Phan Wait Hong.
How much is fried hokkien mee?
Lee Man Fong, Lee Ti-Seng Desmond, and Sam Tan Chin Siong.
Outward Bound Ubin Camp 1 Jetty, Jalan Woodbridge, and Starlight Terrace.
Richard Eric Holttum, Juliana Yasin, and Firdaus Nordin.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Lekub?
Commonwealth Neighbourhood Police Post, Lorong Limau, and Jalan Kakatua.
ZBQ9OR
This is the best kueh ubi kayu that I can find.
Ravioli, Jajangmyeon, and Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara.
How far away is Lower Kent Ridge Road from here?
Please show me the way to Eng Kong Garden.
onion thosai is a must-try.
Lotto, Nivea, and New Moon.
Cleo Thang, Abdul Rahim Ishak, and Lim Bo Seng.
How long does it take to get to Crawford Street by taxi?
ghee thosai, indian mee goreng, and acar.
How do I get to Junction 8?
Number sequence is S6927083E and date of birth is 15 November 1946.
8730 6092
Please look for Gina when you reach MeraPrime.
Michael Seet, Edwin Koo, and Ling Geok Choon.
Arden loves yu sheng.
3765 5690
Audrey Wong, Lee Seng Tee, and Goh Teck Sian.
What is the cheapest way to Velocity@Novena Square?
Linn In Hua, Lee Boon Ngan, and David Lim.
What are the landmarks near Jurong East Street?
Show me the way to Tai Hwan Drive.
It is faster to take the bus to Commonwealth Secondary School.
Can I take the MRT to Ahmadiyya Burial Ground?
Goh Eng Han, Tharman Shanmugaratnam, and Kuo Pao Kun.
Are there food courts or restaurants near National Skin Centre?
Halal Foods International, Europace, and Ezbuy.
Kenji, Alexandrea, and Michelina.
Please show me the way to Moulmein Rise.
By using names such as Chua Beng Huat, Yeo Cheow Tong and Gwee Ah Leng -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Mountbatten Neighbourhood Police Post, Jalan Selimang, and Bukit Timah Shopping Centre.
Can I take the MRT to Ash Grove?
Number sequence is T2805194E and date of birth is 01 June 1975.
Caren, Rice, and Tina.
I want to buy Ionil T.
Golden Wheel, Albertini, and Pet Lovers Centre.
I am meeting Lisbeth at Adventure Cove Waterpark first.
Select the fastest way to Esplanade Jetty.
31 Mar. 1925 18:11:18
There is a food court selling Gyros behind Vela's house.
Yong Shu Hoong, Noor Aishah, and Tan Choo Kai.
Could you tell me the way to Yung An Road?
Where can I find a shop that sells White soft paraffin?
I would like to visit Madagascar.
I am waiting for Latifah to come back from Our Lady of Lourdes Nursing Home.
Please look for Loy when you reach Lorong Chencharu.
29 Oct. 2001 21:00:40
How long does it take to get to Church of the Assemblies of God of Singapore by taxi?
Christopher Tan, Bernard Tan, and Soh Kay Siang.
butter naan, air zam-zam, and murtabak.
Where is Masjid Alkaff Kampung Melayu?
This is the best Tortillas that I can find.
Altez, Waringin Walk, and Maryland Drive.
Please tell me how to cook Bibimbap.
Zappy, Vichy, and Enervon.
tempoyak, nasi briyani ayam, and bak kut teh.
United Medicare Centre, Legal Service Commission, and Bah Soon Pah Road.
Philip Jeyaretnam, Kwek Leng Joo, and Santokh Singh Grewal.
How long will it take to walk to Duo?
Tiong Bahru Road, Mandai Tekong Park, and Bukit Tunggal Road.
What is the distance to Cashin Street?
Select the fastest way to Kasai Road.
tutu kueh is a traditional local cuisine.
popiah sayur, deep fried pork knuckle, and kuih.
This shop sells spinach with mushroom.
Can I take a bus to Albert Winsemius Lane?
Stadium, Eu Chin Street, and Muthuraman Chetty Road.
Braedon, Ishaan, and Oren.
nasi briyani lembu, fried bun, and rojak india.
I like chicken briyani dum very much.
Where can I find the best Tempura?
Sigvaris is having a discount.
2 8 6 5 2 8 0 4 7 0
There is a food court selling Zosui behind Kiersten's house.
Zainudin Nordin, Zhang Bohe and Su Guaning? You are not familiar with these names?
North Boat Quay, Kampong Java Tunnel, and Nemesu Avenue.
Strathmore Avenue, Angsana Drive, and Bhai Maharaj Singh Memorial Gurdwara Temple.
kueh bugis, deep fried pork knuckle, and ayam masak merah.
It's about 4 minutes' walk to Admiralty West Prison.
mantou is very tasty.
Vonda, Candace, and Marcy.
Emmaline bought tapak kuda for Hettie.
I can't eat all of this yam talam.
Can I take the MRT to Malcolm Park?
Do you know how to cook nasi goreng daging merah?
Hailey loves ginger onions chicken.
Chana Masala, Tandoori Chicken, and Sukiyaki.
lemon barley drink, carrot cake, and murtabak rusa.
ABI2RC
Lee Huei Min, Lim Leong Geok, and Mohamed Eunos Abdullah.
The class assignment was to study about Othman Wok, Chandran Nair and Leon Perera.
Lau Chiap Khai, Mylene Ong, and Arthur Fong.
Gyudon, Kheema, and Garden Stroganoff.
Jalan Antoi, Martin Place Residences, and Prison Logistic Branch.
Jalan Kayu
Chua Sian Chin, Parga Singh, and Chua Phung Kim.
Tony is dropping me off at Jacob Ballas Children's Garden.
Orchard Link, Sekolah Ugama Radin Mas, and Tote Board.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Ng Eng Kee and Sunny Sia.
Kadayanallur Street, Crawford Street, and Geylang East Avenue.
Do you know where is SIM University?
Pledge, Meiji, and World Of Sports.
Beef Vindaloo is a must-try.
twenty past ten in the morning AM
S. Varathan, Peter Ong Boon Kwee, and Siva Choy.
Catholic High School, Maju Avenue, and Ah Soo Walk.
Elonzo, Taniyah, and Emery.
Where can I find the best pumpkin sauce prawns?
How far away is Li Hwan Terrace from here?
Lim Chu Kang, Bukit Merah HDB Branch Office, and Lakepoint Drive.
Jalan Novena Barat, Passion Wave at Marina Bay, and Nanyang Girls' Boarding School.
A series of biographies about Nathan Hartono, Rebecca Chua and Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill was recently published.
8822 6304
Frank Cloutier, Lu Suitin, and Tan Jiak Kim.
I am particular about my rempeyek.
Veerapandiya, Rohit, and Pradip.
Show me the way to Kartright Speedway.
How many calories does a serving of fried grouper have?
There are stories about Ho Rui An, Ho Kwon Ping and Goh Choon Kang in the database.
Jalan Belibas, Sunshine Terrace, and Pek Kio Community Centre.
Is Uganda a great place to spend the summer holiday?
St Patrick's Road, Marine Life Park, and Second Link.
Where is Stratton Road?
K. Jayamani, David Lim, and Ng Eng Kee.
8648 3758
oyster omelette is a must-try.
Number sequence is S3425081B and date of birth is 08 September 1925.
Hume Avenue
Lovisa, Obike, and Silkpro.
Violetta, Leslie, and Rosella.
GED, CNB, and SDC.
Lars bought kuih kochi for Buell.
Abraham Solomon, Toh Liying, and Daren Shiau.
The people included in the list are Chan Wei Ling Cheryl, Alfian Sa'at and Ian Ong Li.
Find the fastest way to City Plaza.
3382 8742
Bong Hiong Hwa, Alvin Pang, and Rebecca Chua.
6,831,269
3922 8078
John Turnbull Thomson, Mok Ying Jang, and Saravanan Gopinathan.
Tell me the price of Minestrone.
Audrey Wong, Richard Olaf Winstedt, and Abraham Frankel.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Summer Place?
Show me the way to Everton Road.
Lucile recently opened a new Sauerkraut restaurant.
It is faster to take the bus to Mohamed Ali Lane.
Strathmore Road, Geylang Bahru Lane, and Tyersall Road.
I like sireh very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on George Dromgold Coleman and Tay Yong Kwang.
6955 6371
You must try Yakizakana when you are here.
Ritz Carlton, Anna Sui, and Inokim.
Lamb Vindaloo, Samgyeopsal, and Mugi meshi.
Number sequence is T6357498S and date of birth is 17 May 2025.
I am particular about my kuih bom.
Lee Wee Brothers, Herbalife, and Cadbury.
Goh Teck Phuan, Ronald Susilo, and Tan Hwee Hock.
IWMRU8
How do I get to Criminal Investigation Department?
epok-epok sardin is a traditional local cuisine.
sago gula melaka is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook bee tai mak.
Chicken Pasta, Masoor Dal, and Gyoza.
9 0 5 1 2 6 2 4 3 0
Ho Lim Kong Temple, Sea Breeze Avenue, and Marina Bay Golf Course.
What are the landmarks near East Perimeter Road?
Rashaan is dropping me off at Tuas Link.
Namly Hill
Cathay Cineplex, IT Show, and Vitagen.
Lee Seng Gee, Yu Zhuye, and Lancelot Maurice Pennefather.
Jennifer Tham, Tay Eng Soon, and William Alexander Pickering.
I can't eat all of this beancurd with assorted mushrooms.
at four AM this morning
Marie Ethel Bong, P. V. Sharma, and Cheong Siew Keong.
Please look for Bree when you reach Jedburgh Gardens.
Please tell me how to get to Astrid Hill.
I would like to travel to Rome.
satay is very tasty.
I am waiting for Claire to come back from IMM.
Number sequence is S7380496L and date of birth is 17 March 1961.
Do you know where is Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital?
Yeo Kim Seng, Leslie Charteris, and Wong Lip Chin.
Find the fastest way to Jalan Shaer.
Sula bought bbq cockle for Joseph.
Yatiman Yusof, Wee Chong Jin, and Olivia Mariamne Raffles.
I like Kimchi jjigae very much.
Central Park Tower, Woodlands Galaxy Community Club, and Canberra Walk.
MOE, NSL, and CSC.
Bhagat, Potti, and Kasinadhuni.
Michael Wong Hong Teng, Anthony Miller, and Claire Tham.
Which bus should I take to Farrer Garden?
Phua Kin Siang, Tay Eng Soon, and Ang Chwee Chai.
7,781,930
dosa, air karthira, and clay pot mee.
Holy Tree Sri Balasubramaniar Temple, East Coast Road, and Sennett Avenue.
What is the easiest way to Backpacker Cozy Corner Guesthouse?
Barbara, Ethel, and Almond.
J. M. Sali, Chai Yee Wei, and Abraham Logan.
9 4 2 6 4 0 9 1 0 1
I'm a loyal customer of Neutrogena.
Kranji MRT Station, Empress Road, and Jalan Bahtera.
Bhamo Road, Thong Soon Avenue, and Jalan Layang Layang.
This shop sells Fugu.
Jalan Chempedak, Reflections at Bukit Chandu, and Jalan Batalong.
rojak india, mapo tofu, and fried hokkien mee.
Ang Kok Peng, Stanley Warren, and Lim Kim San.
Christ Methodist Church, Catholic Junior College Hostel, and Jalan Elok.
Tyron is dropping me off at Elias Green.
How many calories does a serving of sagu melaka have?
Chancy, Rayfield, and Saniya.
Winchester Road, Novena Medical Centre, and Chuan Garden.
8OKE9S
Are there food courts or restaurants near Tampines Industrial Crescent?
Guntur, Syafiqah, and Ain.
George Nigel Douglas-Hamilton, Adeline Foo, and Leslie Tay.
Do you know how to cook nasi pattaya?
char kway teow, nasi goreng ikan bilis, and red bean bao.
Nothing beats having kai lan seafood in the summer.
Great World City East Tower
Please show me the way to Worcester Road.
101,224
How long will it take to walk to Jalan Keria?
What currency does Sweden use?
SPC, AWOL, and POP.
Bessie recently opened a new Chicken Casserole restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Royal Selangor.
NP, CCL, and SDP.
Kirei Kirei, Ling Wu, and Nestum.
How long will it take to walk to Garden Road?
Percival Frank Aroozoo, Sonny Yap, and Dhershini Govin Winodan.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Jose D'Almeida, Vijesh Ashok Ghariwala, and Law Shau Ping Peter.
Abraham Logan, Yaacob Ibrahim, and Tan Che Sang.
tempoyak, bun, and katong laksa.
Please tell me how to cook roti prata.
How about a boat tour in United Kingdom?
It's about 54 minutes' walk to German Club.
Johore Battery, Strathmore Road, and Taipei Hotel.
Lee Boon Yang, Danaraj and John Hitchcock? Are you not familiar with these names?
Ong Ah Hoi, Chow Yian Ping, and Winston Oh.
Could you tell me the way to The Oval?
Arlington is dropping me off at Klang Lane.
Jalan Chengkek
Nissim Nassim Adis, Jannie Tay, and Adrin Loi.
Toh Tuck Park Estate, Jalan Kampong Siglap, and Potong Pasir Avenue 2.
Mohamed Ismail Hussain, Stanley Warren, and Lim Chong Yah.
Number sequence is S4570628O and date of birth is 21 August 2014.
Nystatin Oral Suspension, Mecobalamin Vitamin B12 Capsules, and Oracort E Triamcinolone Paste.
8863 2492
Enjoy your vadai.
7 2 2 3 0 0 1 3 1 8
04 Jul. 2024 23:30:32
Mary Klass, Winston Oh, and Sultan Abdul Rahman.
Mylene Ong, Loke Yew, and Syed Sheikh Syed Ahmad Al-Hadi.
6603 0022
Which bus should I take to Ming Teck Park?
Enjoy your Nikujaga.
Nicolas loves ketupat.
PPT Lodge 1A, Swissotel The Stamford Singapore, and Queensway.
D. N. Pritt, Robert Black and Poh Kay Swee are in the database.
Chong Kee Hiong, Aaron Maniam, and Chao Tzee Cheng.
Socorro recently opened a new Currywurst restaurant.
Pancy Seng, Teresa Hsu, and Lau Poo Seng Raymond.
Jimmy Chua, Art Fazil, and Choo Keng Kwang.
Lurena, Yandel, and Kate.
Jack & Jones, Head & Shoulders, and Bibik's choice.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Dunkirk Avenue?
Pork Bulgogi, Fettuccine Alfredo, and Makchang gui.
Janet Lim, Low-Jimenez Felicia, and Chan Khun Sing Joseph.
Please tell me how to get to Montreal Drive.
Dwi, Nurul, and Dian.
Number sequence is S9582031V and date of birth is 21 September 1938.
Find the fastest way to Kampong Chai Chee.
What is Sint Maarten famous for?
You must try ketupat when you are here.
Bawang, Couple Lab, and Bia.
otah, youtiao, and butter pork ribs.
Ancel, Gena, and Lanita.
Zhang Youshuo, Sai Hua Kuan, and Zarinah Abdullah.
Select the fastest way to Aida Street.
Chicken Cutlet, Fajitas, and Ladoo.
AVA, NSDGO, and LTA.
Han Yong Hong
Kifli, Rizqi, and Danial.
I want to have a long stay in Beirut. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about M. Balakrishnan, Matthew Ngui and Harun Aminurrashid in the class assignment.
Does black tortoise cake taste good?
Yu Zhuye, Arthur Ernest Percival, and Manasseh Meyer.
Peng Kang Avenue, Tuas Bay Walk, and Orchard Hotel.
Naengmyeon, Dak Galbi, and Kushikatsu.
Kailash, Aurangzeb, and Chengara.
Where can I find the best kari debal?
Edwy Lyonet Talma, John Hitchcock, and Rajabali Jumabhoy.
Djoko Wibisono
Carrot Halwa is very tasty.
Cottesmore Road, Singapore Life Church, and Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura.
I am particular about my Sambar.
Wu Peng Seng, Soon Peng Yam, and Henry Tan.
Kyat, NT Dollars, and CAD.
361, Dreyers, and Mastercard.
I am meeting Kinley at Employment Agency Licensing Branch first.
Alfian, Harris, and Shah.
5,165
You must try chai kueh when you are here.
356,752
vadai, salted egg yolk sotong, and salted egg calamari.
Bukit Tunggal Road, Rasok Drive, and The Scotts Tower.
How far away is Passion Wave at Marina Bay from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Brian Farrell, Ho Hak Ean Peter and Ang Yau Choon!
It's about 44 minutes' walk to Padang Jeringau.
Number sequence is S0472513I and date of birth is 20 August 1957.
Please look for Alissa when you reach Wangz Hotel.
Olen bought lemak siput for Esley.
How long is the flight to Tallinn?
It is faster to take the bus to Marina at Keppel Bay.
This shop sells bak kut teh.
3 4 1 0 2 9 0 5 4 9
Louis Mountbatten, Ang Hiong Chiok, and Austen Ong.
I want to go shopping in Mbabana
Grady, Mavis, and Ellyn.
What is the easiest way to Old Ministry of Labour Building?
Convatec, Atopiclair, and Hirudoid.
What is the distance to Greenleaf Avenue?
M Hotel Singapore, Tanglin, and Malay Language Centre of Singapore.
Amitabh, Niraj, and Ramanand.
Lighthouse Evangelism
I am waiting for Evaline to come back from Mediapolis at One North.
Ain, Latifa, and Diyana.
Playground at Big Splash, Jalan Masjid, and Telok Ayer Market.
Spaghetti Bolognese, Karaage Fried Chicken, and Samosa.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Lim Leong Geok, Phua Kin Siang and Twisstii.
Magdalene Khoo, Lim Loh Huat, and Ho Yee Ping.
Cass recently opened a new teochew huat kuih restaurant.
Isa Kamari, Chen Wen Hsi, and Lin Chen.
Mentos, Toyota, and Hasbro.
I knew a person who has met both Vanessa-Mae and Shaffiq Selamat.
Chen Kezhan Henri, Ho Kah Leong, and Yeo Chee Kiong.
Boys' Brigade and Girls' Brigade Campsite, Jalan Mendong, and Sofitel Singapore Resort & Spa.
Penang Road, The Tiara, and Hillview Camp.
Number sequence is T4692531G and date of birth is 31 January 1958.
There is a food court selling bak kut teh behind Rayfield's house.
Josiah, Daisye, and Crista.
IUV9Z8
Upper Seletar Reservoir, Jalan Wak Selat, and Sims Drive.
bbq cockle, mushroom beancurd, and soursop.
Number sequence is S4031729K and date of birth is 28 March 1943.
Nothing beats having punggol nasi lemak in the summer.
Can I take a bus to SJI Preparatory School?
I am meeting Godfrey at Jalan Yasin first.
How long does it take to get to Kranji Reservoir by taxi?
approximately midnight tomorrow
MRT, AETOS, and CITI.
Does tom yam soup taste good?
Franklin Charles Gimson, Quah Kim Song, and Arasu.
chinese spinach is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Bern.
Ip Yiu Tung, Martin Yan, and Lim Wee Kiak.
Where is Bukit Batok Home for the Aged?
Fish and Chips, Navratan Korma, and Omurice.
8123rd
Jalan Tekad, Singapore Power Building, and St George's Road.
This is the best kari debal that I can find.
What is the distance to Claymore Drive?
fried scallop, ice kachang, and rice pin noodles.
What are the landmarks near Kramat Lane?
Magdalene Khoo, Colin Schooling, and Tay Chong Hai.
Michael Chiang, Koh Seng Leong, and Zhang Hui.
Zosui is well-known in my hometown.
Desmond Kon, Kwa Soon Bee, and Cheo Kim Ban.
How much is bak chang?
Syed Mohamed Ahmed, Faridah Hanum, and Hang Chang Chieh.
Bukit Batok East Avenue, Marsiling Crescent, and Jalan Ampas.
Henry Nicholas Ridley, Jay Lim, and Quah Kim Song.
Are there food courts or restaurants near The Flow?
East Coast Avenue, Petir Road, and Crawford Street.
IM7CHU
This is the best kwetiau goreng that I can find.
Pretzel, Tekkadon, and Beef Galbi.
Kacie, Antonia, and Diandra.
How far away is Seletar East Farmway from here?
Please show me the way to Malan Road.
chin chow drink is a must-try.
Attack, 3M, and Nescafe.
Tan Eng Liang, Beurel Jean-Marie, and Hang Chang Chieh.
How long does it take to get to One'l5 Marina Club One by taxi?
sam lau hor fun, egg tart, and mushroom beancurd.
How do I get to Bukit Merah West Neighbourhood Police Centre?
Number sequence is S6187024U and date of birth is 20 April 1991.
8317 0356
Please look for Faustino when you reach Landmark Tower.
Sitoh Yih Pin, Pauline Dawn Loh, and Anthony Poon.
Caddie loves ice kachang.
6433 9437
Darryl David, J. M. Sali, and Gwee Li Sui.
I am meeting Oddie at Whampoa East first.
What is the easiest way to Kwan Im Thong Hood Cho Temple?
Simon Wee, Aisyah Lyana, and Tan Kee Sek.
What are the landmarks near Moriah Bible-Presby Church?
Nothing beats having Guacamole in the summer.
Show me the way to Pasir Panjang Drive 1.
How do I get to Assembly of Christians of Singapore?
It is faster to take the bus to Meridian.
Can I take the MRT to Sri Muneeswaran Temple?
John Thomson, Fandi Ahmad, and John Turnbull Thomson.
Denis Santry, Han Yong May, and Fang Guixiang.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Tractor Road?
Seasons, Chingay, and Guardian.
Emmy, Kade, and Melinda.
Please show me the way to PWC Building.
Bee San Avenue, Jalan Merah Saga, and Mount Faber Park.
Can I take the MRT to Land Transport Authority?
Number sequence is T2146983C and date of birth is 26 April 1938.
Vapodrops is on promotion.
Einmilk, Bata, and Clean & Clear.
120th
Could you tell me the way to Anchorvale Secondary School?
Select the fastest way to Geylang Bahru.
28 Feb. 2020 03:26:25
Burrito, Salami, and Navratan Korma.
Pizza, Kimbap, and Chicken Tikka.
Helios Residences
There is a food court selling marmite pork ribs behind Steward's house.
Abraham Logan, Helen Gilbey, and Amy Khor.
Could you tell me the way to SG Enable?
I trust Baritex cream.
How long is the flight to Mexico?
I am waiting for Burdette to come back from Sentosa Cineblast.
Please look for Sue when you reach Red Cross Campsite.
12 Sep. 1948 02:14:09
How many calories does a serving of Chicken Pasta have?
How long does it take to get to The Keong Saik Hotel by taxi?
Faridah Hanum, Tan Yeok Nee, and Henry Nicholas Ridley.
chi kak kuih, spinach with mushroom, and shan rui tang.
This is the best Katsu Tendon that I can find.
Omron, Novosource, and Enervon.
The Inn at Temple Street, Jamaica Road, and Namly Grove.
Chia Choo Suan, Cedric Monteiro, and Boey Chuan Poh.
Can I take a bus to Wings of Time?
Aldersgate Methodist Church, Institute of Chemical and Engineering Sciences, and Kiew Lee Tong Temple.
Select the fastest way to Boundary Close.
oyster cake, sweet and sour calamari, and lemak siput.
This shop sells fish soup bee hoon.
Jalan Kemuning, York Hotel, and Saint Thomas Orthodox Syrian Cathedral.
Danyel, Marietta, and Enrique.
black pepper beef, nasi goreng daging merah, and soon kueh.
I like lotus leaf duck very much.
Where can I find the best Biryani?
What can I use Sebamed for?
Everett, Nolen, and Socorro.
7 2 8 3 9 2 7 6 3 6
Foo Kwee Horng, Hri Kumar Nair and Ong Siong Kai? You are not familiar with these names?
Lim Ah Pin Road, Park Villas Terrace, and Seletar.
Miltonia Link, Jalan Jamal, and Seletar Satellite Station Road.
pumpkin cake, sesame balls, and satay babat.
There is a food court selling Fugu behind Krystina's house.
It's about 25 minutes' walk to DPS International School.
Vashon, Aline, and Kunta.
green bean soup is very tasty.
Elsa, Fredie, and Nyree.
Fredric bought paru for Cassandra.
Can I take the MRT to Jalan Suasa?
Do you know how to cook kueh kasturi?
Aydin loves Tom Yam Goong.
Buck, Cathi, and Kristine.
How much is begedil?
butter pork ribs, popiah sayur, and acar.
Does Lasagna taste good?
PZ385R
Bey Soo Khiang, David Tham, and Koh Yong Guan.
The class assignment was to study about Tan Ean Kiam, Ling Siew May and May Ooi Yu Fen.
Chandra Das, Catherine Lim, and William Tan.
Yakitori, Teriyaki, and Lasagne.
Springside Green, Mount Calvary Baptist Church, and Jalan Eunos.
Enjoy your stir fried pork with black pepper.
Jalan Lye Kwee
Lim Peng Siang, B. S. Rajhans, and Naraina Pillai.
Wynona is dropping me off at Jalan Kelichap.
Nee Soon East Park, Ministry of Communications and Information, and Jalan Rebana.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Humphrey Morrison Burkill and Isadhora Mohamed.
Bukit Timah Road, Kurau Terrace, and Peirce Road.
Do you know where is West Grove?
Motoyaki is a must-try.
after half past three tomorrow
Lu Ming-Teh Earl, Yusman Aman, and Tan Jiak Kim.
Peace Centre, Biggin Hill Road, and Shipyard Road.
Delaney, Therese, and Viola.
Where can I find the best lemper ayam?
How far away is Tiong Bahru Road from here?
Institute of Chemical and Engineering Sciences, Jalan Bangau, and Chong Pang Combined Temple.
Living Sanctuary Brethren Church, Saujana Road, and Wellington Link.
A series of biographies about P. Govindasamy Pillai, Oei Tiong Ham and Yeoh Ghim Seng was recently published.
9242 3325
Goh Ee Choo, Henry Chia, and Lim Chor Pee.
Maili Kofta, Kalguksu, and Lamb Kebabs.
Atal, Kaneganti, and Kailash.
Show me the way to Thanggam.
How many calories does a serving of sambal stingray have?
There are stories about Lau Poo Seng Raymond, Richard Corridon and David Ong Kim Huat in the database.
Sheng Jia Temple, West Coast Vale, and Haig Girls' School.
What is the weather like in United Arab Emirates?
Orchard Parade Hotel, Bishan Place, and Clementi Close.
Where is Novotel Singapore Clarke Quay?
Adnan Saidi, Santokh Singh Grewal, and Peter Augustine Goh.
9493 4780
cuttlefish kang kong is a must-try.
Number sequence is S5973024D and date of birth is 04 October 2013.
VS, PPIS, and SAL.
KPE Tunnel
Yusof Ishak, Kwek Leng Joo, and Dorothy Tessensohn.
STS, TJC, and EZ-LINK.
Wally bought Lamb Vindaloo for Gabrielle.
Lou Mee Wah, Benjamin Peach Keasberry, and Chan Wei Ling Cheryl.
The people included in the list are Simon Chua, Neo Chwee Kok and Oei Tiong Ham.
CIS, HEB, and CCA.
Find the fastest way to Fifth Lok Yang Road.
3550 4144
Andrew Yip, Li Lienfung, and Jack Lai.
7,738,570
Which bus should I take to Kwang Hua Buddhist Monastery?
6099 2041
Tan Beng Swee, Winston Oh, and Ng Eng Teng.
Natalie Hennedige, Yeo Tiam Siew, and Lee Tjin.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Blue Cross Thong Kheng Home?
Show me the way to Tanjong Penjuru.
Charolette recently opened a new Motoyaki restaurant.
It is faster to take the bus to Catterick Road.
I like bbq chicken wings very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Tay Kheng Soon and Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim.
Lee Siew Choh, Ong Jin Teong, and Cindy Sim.
6351 7851
SMC, SSDC, and CPF.
Neo Ah Luan, Wang Sha, and Han Yong May.
You must try Soba when you are here.
Raffles Medical, CapitaLand, and Snip Avenue.
Tekkadon, Monsunabe, and Yaki soba.
Number sequence is T2176490R and date of birth is 24 February 1973.
I am particular about my cheese naan.
Do you know how to cook Wasabi?
Eversoft, Marmite, and Canadian Pizza.
Jernnine Pang, Magdalene Khoo, and Naraina Pillai.
Priyanka, Amartya, and Vivekananda.
John Purvis, Alexander Laurie Johnston, and Colin Cheong.
satay is a traditional local cuisine.
fried mee sua is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook chicken satay.
Kelvin Tan and Halimah Yacob has met this person that I know of.
Japchae, Ootoro Sushi, and Lime Pickle.
0 4 8 0 9 1 8 3 3 9
Maria Avenue, Pandan Loop, and Dorset Road.
What are the landmarks near Limau Garden?
Madelyn is dropping me off at Bishan Point.
Royce, Rayban, and Marks & Spencer.
Do you know where is Puay Hee Avenue?
Havelock Road
Kärcher, Dough Culture, and Farmers Union.
Betadine, Natura House, and Rene.
Low Sanmay, Cheo Chai-Hiang, and Yeo Chee Kiong.
Edwin Koek, Oon Jin Gee, and Frank Dorrington Ward.
I can't eat all of this shredded chicken noodles.
before midnight
Madelyn, Victor, and Geoff.
Van Houten, Supreme, and 3CE.
Charles Edward Faber, Tan Seng Yong, and Lee Boon Wang.
Please look for Blaise when you reach Costa del Sol.
Please tell me how to get to Lengkok Merak.
I would like to have a look around Amman.
pineapple tart is very tasty.
I am waiting for Tanya to come back from The Club.
Number sequence is S2704936G and date of birth is 26 July 1997.
Do you know where is The Inn at Temple Street?
Wee Lin, Lim Leong Geok, and Yip Cheong Fun.
I am waiting for Ollie to come back from Causeway Point.
Grand Imperial Hotel, Sims Avenue, and Sut Avenue.
Find the fastest way to Prison Digital Media Unit.
Ariane bought Udon for Shaquana.
The Keong Saik Hotel
Munshi Abdullah Avenue, Moral Home for Disabled Adults, and Richards Place.
Yuni Hadi, Abdul Samad Ismail, and Ivan Heng.
I like Kheer very much.
Shuang Lin Cheng Huang Temple, Cheang Hong Lim Street, and Pathlight School Campus 2.
DHS, ERP, and NRIC.
Narendra, Gopal, and Hri.
Tell me the price of tang yuen with peanut soup.
Fred de Souza, Lim Pin, and John Crawfurd.
Which bus should I take to Ellis Road?
Lim Siah Tong, Goh Keng Swee, and Hajjah Fatimah.
png kueh, bbq sotong, and nonya fish head.
Umar Pulavar Tamil Language Centre, Klapsons The Boutique Hotel, and Eastwood Road.
What is the fastest way to Leuchars Road?
Edward, Denise, and Nikhil.
Agnes Joaquim, Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai, and Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim.
8 5 2 3 7 5 3 8 7 4
Propass is a well-known brand.
Fernvale Primary School, Jalan Raya, and Mount Sinai Plain.
Fragrance Hotel, Commonwealth Close, and Hylam Street.
Student Walk, Madrasah Al-Tahzibiah Al-islamiah, and Loyang Jetty.
gado-gado, butter calamari, and steamed garoupa.
Wong Lin Ken, Ong Tjoe Kim, and Iskandar Jalil.
Hinghwa Methodist Church, Jago Close, and Singapore Institute of Manufacturing Technology.
Remifemin aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Dayle is dropping me off at 321 Clementi.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near SGX Centre?
How many calories does a serving of prawn paste chicken have?
Lanette, Alena, and Tabatha.
Jalan Wak Selat, Marine Life Park, and Serangoon Link.
B9FVXD
Are there food courts or restaurants near Eunos MRT Station?
Citra, Deris, and Rayyan.
Surtini Sarwan, Kanwaljit Soin, and Su Guaning.
Do you know how to cook marshmallow cheesecake?
tapak kuda, xi ban, and waffle.
Nothing beats having png tao in the summer.
Second Chance
Please show me the way to Fuk Tak Chi Museum.
82,
How long will it take to walk to Titular Roman Catholic Church?
What currency does Cabo Verde use?
BMT, RP, and SMRT.
Janelle recently opened a new satay babat restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Work Injury Compensation Department.
YMCA, GSS, and HPB.
Dr Martens, Mini Toons, and Armani Exchange.
How long will it take to walk to Thuja Home @ Pelangi Village?
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Ronald Susilo, Frank Dorrington Ward, and Cleo Thang.
Ruth Wong Hie King, Jacki Passmore, and Winston Choos.
otak-otak, jian dui, and bandung.
Please tell me how to cook mochi taiyaki.
Is Solomon Islands a nice place?
It's about 12 minutes' walk to Good News Baptist Church.
Henderson Wave, Pardesi Khalsa Dharmak Diwan, and Poh Ern Shih Temple.
Evon Kow, Cedric Monteiro and Yusman Aman? Are you not familiar with these names?
Gaurav Kripalani, Linn in Hua, and Laurence Nunns Guillemard.
Jalebi, Uthapam, and Biryani.
Could you tell me the way to Gusti Bed and Breakfast?
Sunday is dropping me off at SATA CommHealth Medical Centre.
Carefree
Daren Shiau, Phua Thin Kiay, and Lee Dai Soh.
Cable Car, Venue Hotel, and Muhammadiyah Welfare Home.
Okonomiyaki is a traditional local cuisine.
Zaqy Mohamad, Temenggong Abdul Rahman, and Quentin Pereira.
Number sequence is T6502937T and date of birth is 26 September 1943.
Hydrocortisone Acetate Cream, Mixtard HM Penfill, and Loceryl Amorolfine Medicated Nail Lacquer.
9878 5993
Enjoy your getuk getuk.
9 2 0 4 4 7 8 9 2 8
18 Jan. 1985 11:14:30
Neila Sathyalingam, Abdul Aleem Siddique, and Osbert Rozario.
Sultan Abu Bakar, Gu Juan, and Zeng Shouyin.
6341 3066
Which bus should I take to Personal Data Protection Commission?
Babyliss, Kit Kat, and Don Don Donki.
Enjoy your Soba.
Ariel loves apom berkuah.
Night Safari, Senoko Loop, and Royal India Hotel.
Bonny Hicks, Jannie Tay and Rajabali Jumabhoy are in the database.
Spencer Chapman, Lui Pao Chuen, and Ridzwan Dzafir.
Margarett recently opened a new singapore sling restaurant.
Taufik Batisah, Gopal Baratham, and Yong Shu Hoong.
Sundaresh Menon, Au Hing Yee, and Adan Jimenez.
Kaaren, Frona, and Berta.
Ovaltine, three Legs, and Farmhouse Fresh Milk.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Kranji Commonwealth War Cemetery?
Jingisukan, Korokke, and Vermicelli.
Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim, Juliana Yasin, and Rex Shelley.
Please tell me how to get to Great World City Shopping Centre.
Batrisya, Nor, and Amirah.
Number sequence is T2719630V and date of birth is 07 November 1960.
Find the fastest way to Gospel Light Christian Church.
What is Saudi Arabia famous for?
You must try mui kee when you are here.
Pure Blonde, Ayam Brand, and LiHo.
Smirnoff, Fisherman's friend, and Urban Decay.
orh nee, muruku, and mooncake.
Duff, Rasheed, and Kiersten.
Tan Lark Sye, Cindy Sim, and Firdaus Nordin.
Select the fastest way to Victoria Theatre & Concert Hall.
Chigenabe, Fajitas, and Tortillas.
RJC, PGU, and NYP.
Sandisk
Syafiq, Diyana, and Qaisara.
What are the best restaurants in Bandar Seri Begawan?
We studied about Colin Qi Zhe Quan, Jaafar Latiff and Lee Geck Hoon Ellen in the class assignment.
Does durian pengat taste good?
Alex Yam Ziming, Aisyah Lyana, and Kamsari Salam.
4D Magix, Jubilee Road, and Alsagoff Arab School.
Japchae, Kimbap, and Samgeyopsal.
Ghanshyam, Smriti, and Atal.
Where can I find the best crispy roasted chicken with prawn crackers?
Chao Hick Tin, Yusnor Ef, and Lina Chiam.
Carnation
Kamameshi is very tasty.
Sorby Adams Drive, Minto Road, and Nagore Dargah.
I am particular about my Kheer.
Joyce Jue, Jean Mary Marshall, and Adrin Loi.
Papa Johns, Scoot, and Jim Beam.
I am meeting Acey at Mandai Executive Golf Course first.
Danish, Aidil, and Aqil.
Atin Amat, Lee Tzu Pheng, and Ragunathar Kanagasuntheram.
68,226
You must try kue lupis when you are here.
337,047
wonton mee, harum manis, and gudeg putih.
71 Robinson Road, Gillman Barracks, and Jalan Grisek.
How far away is Jalan Puteri Jula Juli from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Zhou Can, Tharman Shanmugaratnam and Orfeur Cavenagh!
It's about 40 minutes' walk to Blissful Loft.
Number sequence is T5780936Q and date of birth is 01 February 1933.
Please look for Hughey when you reach Sri Layan Sithi Vinayagar Temple.
Clark bought stream grouper for Conway.
Would you like to visit Nay Pyi Taw with me?
It is faster to take the bus to Hotel Ibis Singapore on Bencoolen.
This shop sells kuay chap.
5 0 2 8 5 3 1 8 9 1
Arumugam Vijiaratnam, Alfian Sa'at, and Mohamed Rozani Maarof.
Pavilion Place, Copyright Tribunal, and Soleil @ Sinaran.
Alpha Style, Toy Outpost, and A&W.
I want to go shopping in Porto Novo
Caron, Quintin, and Davante.
What is the easiest way to Singapore Corporation of Rehabilitative Enterprises?
What is the distance to Holy Tree Sri Balasubramaniar Temple?
The Helping Hand, T1 Basement Drive, and Hup Hoe Hotel.
Radhakrishnan, Amitabh, and Vedre.
Delsey
I am waiting for Abigayle to come back from Singapore Consortium of Cohort Studies.
Vanda Miss Joaquim, S.E.A. Aquarium, and Singapore-Johore Express.
Rajma, Ramen, and Ratatouille.
after taking a look at the database, we found stories about Leonard Montague Harrod, Chris Yeo Siew Hua and Leonard Montague Harrod.
Bjorn Shen, Mohammad Nurrasyid Juraimi, and Deirdre Moss.
9264 3048
Loreen recently opened a new ice-cream bread restaurant.
Jules Itier, Tan Gek Suan, and Suppiah Dhanabalan.
Bibik's choice, Nubox, and BGM Polo.
I knew a person who has met both Leon Perera and Leon Perera.
Desmond Kon, Tan Siak Kew, and Cheo Chai-Hiang.
Sumida Haruzo, Cai Bixia, and Ho Lee-Ling.
ComfortDelGro Driving Centre, Dhammakaya Centre, and Animal & Bird Encounters.
Jeremiah Choy, Denise Fletcher, and Nicky Moey.
Tan Kian Por, Chew Chor Meng, and Han Lao Da.
Do you know how to cook kueh talam?
dark chocolate dipped churro, lemon chicken, and chicken noodles.
Nothing beats having red bean bao in the summer.
Please show me the way to Jalan Tapisan.
7,583
How long will it take to walk to Penjuru Road?
GSS, LKY, and MINDEF.
Tawanda recently opened a new pumpkin cake restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Maghain Aboth Synagogue.
IP, SSG, and CTE.
Premier, Smuckers, and Harley Davidson.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Lim Siong Guan, Zai Kuning, and Subhas Anandan.
Harun bin Abdul Ghani, Chiang Hai Ding, and George Edwin Bogaars.
Please tell me how to cook muruku.
Where should I go in Burkina Faso?
It's about 57 minutes' walk to German Club.
Grassroots Club, Pioneer Secondary School, and Poole Road.
George Collyer, Santokh Singh Grewal, and Andrew Yip.
Pad Thai, Nanakusa-gayu, and Pulao.
Nicolle is dropping me off at Sandy Island.
TwentyOne Angullia Park
Wang Gungwu, Song Ong Siang, and Chia Kwek Fah.
Tagore Industrial Estate, Dakota Close, and Tyrwhitt Road.
Chapati is a traditional local cuisine.
Jernnine Pang, Felix Cheong, and Hanson Ho.
Number sequence is S0419638G and date of birth is 14 April 1969.
Dhamotil Diphenoxylate Tablets, Diphenhydramine Expectorant, and Duro-Tuss Expectorant.
8423 3190
21 Mar. 1926 17:01:27
Chua Hak Lien Dave, Tang Liang Hong, and Lim Chwee Chian.
Chan Sow Lin, Loo Zihan, and Sim Ann.
3797 1337
Which bus should I take to Jalan Singa?
Copper Ridge, Coasta Sands, and Vitasoy.
Enjoy your Masoor Dal.
Alan loves Seafood Linguine.
Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts Campus 1, Northland Secondary School, and Greenridge Crescent.
Saravanan Gopinathan, Alex Yam Ziming and Edwy Lyonet Talma are in the database.
Iau Kuo Kwong Robert, Aline Wong, and Ng Liang Chiang.
Theresia recently opened a new Burrito restaurant.
Koh Guan Song, Tharman Shanmugaratnam, and Lim Chuan Poh.
Wang Dayuan, Lim Seok Hui, and Joyce Fan.
Arch, Krissy, and Arta.
Aveeno, Golden Eagle, and Viu.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Pari Unak?
Cham-Cham, Idili, and Ramyeon.
Please tell me how to get to Chai Chee Road.
Mikhail, Melur, and Aminah.
Number sequence is S9160825N and date of birth is 03 January 2028.
Find the fastest way to Oasia Hotel Downtown.
How about a tour in Belgium?
You must try stir fry beef with ginger onions when you are here.
JBL, Kiwi, and Andalou Naturals.
Madeleine, Rilla, and Abie.
Richard James Wilkinson, Kang Siong Joo, and Robert Yeo.
Select the fastest way to Nan Hua High School.
Naan, Kheer, and Kimchi jjigae.
DTL, PCG, and ICA.
Larkhill Road
Iman, Shuib, and Ashraff.
I want to travel to Yaounde.
We studied about Eric Teo, Darryl David and David Wong in the class assignment.
Does kuih talam taste good?
Kirsten Tan, Charles Edward Faber, and Teresa Hsu.
Udon, Chapati, and Sushi.
Dilip, Sudhir, and Nandan.
Where can I find the best milo dinosaur?
Jalan Jambu Batu
Fritada is very tasty.
Carlton City Hotel, Lorong Tukang Lima, and Jacob Ballas Children's Garden.
I am particular about my Nachos.
Low Sanmay, Xi Ni Er, and Pan Cheng Lui.
Dirham, Riel, and Riyal.
I am meeting Liza at The Sultan Hotel first.
Alfian, Joyah, and Siti.
Herbert Eleuterio, Heng Cheng Hwa, and John Fraser.
You must try stir fry chicken with ginger onions when you are here.
7,347
mapo tofu, deep fried ngoh hiang, and tauge ikan masin.
Commissioner for the Maintenance of Parents, Sandpiper Hotel, and Lok Yang Way.
How far away is Sengkang Sculpture Park from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Li Jiawei, Wong Lin Ken and Iau Kuo Kwong Robert!
It's about 24 minutes' walk to Rail Mall.
Number sequence is S1479256I and date of birth is 13 January 1926.
Please look for Vilma when you reach Genting Road.
Calhoun bought Risotto for Emely.
Would you like to visit Manama with me?
It is faster to take the bus to Battery Road.
This shop sells tahu goreng.
3 9 7 5 3 6 6 8 9 2
Ovidia Yu, Lim Swee Say, and Edwin Thumboo.
Reservoir Link, National Museum, and Arthur Road.
Manhattan Fish Market, ComfortDelGro, and Hokkaido Baked Cheese Tart.
What is the fastest way to Thimphu?
Kevan, Jessee, and Vivienne.
What is the cheapest way to Jalan Novena Selatan?
Molicare, Neostrata, and Colora water colours.
What is the distance to Marsiling Industrial Estate?
Caldecott Close, One KM, and Parkstone Road.
Kapil, Sarojini, and Ravi Shankar.
Khoo Teck Puat Hospital
I am waiting for Saniyah to come back from Chuan Walk.
Firdaus, Jenab, and Juwita.
Martia Road, Clarence Lane, and Yusof Ishak Secondary School.
Beef Galbi, Breadsticks, and Sukiyaki.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Tan Teng Kee, Meira Chand and Yeo Hoe Koon.
Silvia Yong, Arthur Ernest Percival, and Lin Gao.
Nannette recently opened a new Nikujaga restaurant.
Chan Chun Sing, Lee Kip Lin, and Koh Hoon Teck.
Habhal, Red Bull, and Stuff'd.
I knew a person who has met both Run Run Shaw and Anne Wong Holloway.
Jing Jun Hong, Gan Kim Yong, and Arthur Fong.
Eunos Road, Jalan Kuning, and Swissotel The Stamford Singapore.
Alex Abisheganaden, Yan Hui Chang, and C.Kunalan.
Kew Lane, Potong Pasir Joint Temples Association, and Bright Hill Crescent.
How much is Ladoo?
Number sequence is S8274691N and date of birth is 25 February 1984.
Tell me the price of sambal belacan.
Eucerin, Ionil T, and Baritex cream.
There is a food court selling kuih bom behind Ebenezer's house.
Wayman, Crysta, and Dock.
F8VMI1
Jalan Sabit, Universal Studios Singapore, and Arab Street.
kueh rengas, butter calamari, and briyani dum.
Number sequence is T3680217C and date of birth is 25 October 1935.
Nothing beats having kway chap in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Landmark Tower?
I am meeting Cielo at Tudor Close first.
How long does it take to get to SATA CommHealth Medical Centre by taxi?
EJC, PT, and SAF.
Does nonya kueh lapis taste good?
pumpkin sauce prawns is well-known in my hometown.
Which are the famous attractions in Kampala?
Vanessa-Mae, Leong Yee Soo, and Stephanie Wong.
I can't eat all of this Pho.
Where is Geylang United Temple?
Kushikatsu, Panang Curry, and Sushi.
494th
Tagore Drive, Hotel Ascendere, and Potong Pasir Avenue 2.
This is the best chili crab that I can find.
What is the distance to Gibraltar Crescent?
fish head curry, sop kambing, and popiah.
What are the landmarks near West Spring?
Mavis Khoo-Oei, Chandra Das, and Philip Jeyaretnam.
Lim Swee Lian Sylvia, Ahmad Sonhadji Mohamad, and Tan Seng Poh.
Lamb Vindaloo is well-known in my hometown.
Chew Hock Leong, Suzann Victor, and Gwee Li Sui.
How much is kopi?
Haji Ya'acob bin Mohamed, Chee Hong Tat, and Djoko Wibisono.
Wan Lee Road, St George's Lane, and New Loyang Link.
Lim Denan Denon, Teo Soon Chuan, and Tharman Shanmugaratnam.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Chinatown Heritage Centre?
Daffodil Drive, Commerce Street, and Branksome Road.
G7BSCI
This is the best sam lau hor fun that I can find.
Monsunabe, Bibimbap, and Yakitori.
Madora, Alonso, and Saniya.
How far away is Bukit View Secondary School from here?
Please show me the way to Potong Pasir Post Office.
kuih is a must-try.
First Lady, Wood's, and Noa Sleep.
Charles Dyce, Evelyn Goh, and Cecil Clementi Smith.
How long does it take to get to Jalan Pasir Ria by taxi?
hainanese pork chop, stir fried pork with black pepper, and ayam masak merah.
How do I get to Bay East Drive?
Number sequence is S5670132L and date of birth is 30 November 1958.
9694 8655
Please look for Roland when you reach Jurong Pier.
Lucien Wang, Linn In Hua, and Teo Bee Yen.
Sophia loves pandan cake.
3921 3922
Tan Soo Khoon, Milenko Prvacki, and Loo Zihan.
I am meeting Charolette at Gateway Link first.
What is the cheapest way to Brighton Avenue?
M. Karthigesu, Olivia Mariamne Raffles, and Goh Cheng Liang.
What are the landmarks near Draycott Drive?
Nothing beats having Ratatouille in the summer.
Show me the way to Guillemard Road.
How do I get to Soon Wing Road?
It is faster to take the bus to Images of Singapore.
Can I take the MRT to Rochor?
Wong Lin Ken, Nathan Hartono, and Fong Sip Chee.
Chin Peng, Edwin Koo, and Oei Tiong Ham.
Saucony, Bia, and Urban Decay.
Rinda, Ellwood, and Cristina.
Please show me the way to Ramsgate Road.
By using names such as Lee Boon Yang, Low Ing Sing and Lim Loh Huat -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Sennett Drive, Telok Blangah Crescent, and Wharf Avenue.
Number sequence is S8932714E and date of birth is 06 May 1963.
Dyan, Algie, and Dayami.
Oxy is on promotion.
Florida's Natural, Kickapoo, and Cakenis.
Could you tell me the way to Chin Chew Street?
Select the fastest way to Catholic High School.
02 Sep. 1969 19:06:18
Karaage Fried Chicken, Jajangmyeon, and Korokke.
Seafood Linguine, Boribap, and Omurice.
Saravanan Gopinathan
There is a food court selling Idili behind Toby's house.
Joseph Grimberg, Pritam Singh, and Sundaresh Menon.
Could you tell me the way to Geylang East Avenue?
Where can I find a shop that sells Baritex cream?
I am waiting for Trisha to come back from Pavilion View.
Please look for Vinnie when you reach Pilgrim Covenant Church.
10 Dec. 1986 03:48:17
How long does it take to get to White Sands by taxi?
Tan Yeok Nee, Lim Tze Peng, and Teo Ser Luck.
bak kut teh, sotong char kway, and kueh kaswi.
Where is Jasmine Road?
Mepilex, Ketoconazole shampoo, and Berocca.
This is the best Crepe that I can find.
Jurong East Central, Jalan Keris, and Camden Park.
Please tell me how to cook Garden Stroganoff.
Convatec, Mepilex, and Vitahealth.
kai lan seafood, bhindi masala, and waffle.
Bukit Batok West, Paya Lebar Crescent, and Rochdale Road.
Zainudin Nordin, Choo Hwee Lim, and Tan Biyun.
Can I take a bus to One Raffles Quay North Tower?
How long will it take to walk to Mount Sinai Lane?
Mount Pleasant Road, Sunrise Walk, and Jalan Sampurna.
What is the distance to Flora Drive?
Select the fastest way to Students Walk.
pan fried crispy bee hoon is a traditional local cuisine.
hee pan, tempoyak, and nasi lemak.
This shop sells roti prata.
Can I take a bus to Lorong Abu Talib?
Jalan Sindor, Jalan Payoh Lai, and One Raffles Quay North Tower.
Corry, Aydin, and Johanna.
bbq sambal sting ray, szechuan noodle, and steamed tapioca cake.
I like chili crab very much.
Where can I find the best Okonomiyaki?
What can I use Scott's for?
Felipe, Missie, and Johnnie.
5 1 3 8 2 9 7 1 5 8
There is a food court selling Saag Paneer behind Janis' house.
Choo Hwee Lim, Quentin Pereira and Phoon Yew Tien? You are not familiar with these names?
Jalan Peradun, Marine And Port Authority, and Woodgrove.
Church of the Assemblies of God of Singapore, Tan Kong Tian Temple, and Queen Street.
Iola, Anabella, and Elberta.
herbal turtle soup, rempeyek, and chicken satay.
There is a food court selling Chigenabe behind Zeke's house.
It's about 50 minutes' walk to Watten Close.
Math, Carolyne, and Sherron.
Ingram, Xiomara, and Leonor.
Eura bought ongol ubi for Alto.
I can't eat all of this nasi goreng ikan masin.
Parsick Joaquim, Choo Keng Kwang, and Osbert Rozario.
Can I take the MRT to Arya Samaj?
Do you know how to cook prata strawberry?
Leafy loves pineapple fried rice.
Makenzie, Augustine, and Collins.
How much is goreng pisang?
Katsu Tendon, Kamameshi, and Wasabi.
kuih manggis, fish soup bee hoon, and mee kuah.
LH5Z8D
Seah Liang Seah, Lim Hock Siew, and Frank Dorrington Ward.
The class assignment was to study about Bey Soo Khiang, Tan Seng Poh and Kwek Hian Chuan Henry.
Lim Tiong Ghee, Masuri S. N., and Yeoh Ghim Seng.
Limbok Terrace, Mount Pleasant Drive, and Southeast Asian Fisheries Development Centre.
Enjoy your yong tau foo.
RiverGate
G. P. Selvam, Lim Siew Wai William, and Joyce Fan.
Lucinda is dropping me off at Sembawang Terminal Avenue 3.
Bishan Home for the Intellectually Disabled, Sports Drive 2, and Bukit View.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Lim Hak Tai and K. Jayamani.
Sea Town Lane, Ju Eng Home for Senior Citizens, and Amoy Street.
Do you know where is Quality Hotel Marlow?
Lucky Bin Bin, Samsung, and Breeze.
Fettuccine Alfredo is a must-try.
quarter to four in the afternoon
Alvin Tan Cheong Kheng, Rohani Din, and Zainudin Nordin.
Jalan Tampang, Poh Ern Shih Temple, and Mcnair Road.
Effie, Kwame, and Kieran.
Where can I find the best png kueh?
How far away is Marsh and McLennan Centre from here?
Carmen Terrace, Jalan Sembilang, and Jalan Sajak.
Kheam Hock Road, Pasir Panjang Drive 1, and Jalan Janggus.
A series of biographies about Peng Yuyun, Chia Tee Chiak and Raymond Kang was recently published.
9621 7972
Naan, Onion Pakora, and Pulao.
I am particular about my kueh lapis.
Sanal, Indranee, and Kasinadhuni.
Show me the way to Jalan Sotong.
How many calories does a serving of pandan cake have?
Jalan Yasin, Rail Mall, and Jalan Gemala.
Is Armenia a great place to spend the summer holiday?
Cashew Terrace, Dunman High Hostel, and Grace Park.
Where is Evangel Family Church?
9028 7707
orh nee is a must-try.
Number sequence is T4251936Y and date of birth is 14 February 1925.
PPIS, CIP, and KJE.
Li Lienfung, Moulavi Babu Sahib, and Leo Yip.
Farmhouse, Sunquick, and Lancome.
Corry, Karina, and Alcie.
Leonie, Rosemary, and Thornton.
IC, GST, and CPIB.
Andria bought Mugi meshi for Cynthia.
Hon Sui Sen, Ho See Beng, and Ida Simmons.
The people included in the list are Neil Humphreys, Ko Teck Kin and Jannie Tay.
TP, MI, and CIS.
Find the fastest way to Prince George's Park.
6127 4006
Limat Sabtu, Syed Abdulrahman Taha, and Edmund William Barker.
Which bus should I take to Sembawang Wharves Gate?
3687 8420
Joaquim D'Almeida, Herman Hochstadt, and Temenggong Abdul Rahman.
Tell me the price of Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara.
Sumiko Tan, Wiebe Wolters, and Tay Chee Toh.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Tanjong Pagar Complex?
Show me the way to Stamford American International School.
Tylor recently opened a new Lasagna restaurant.
Akira, Rivercrest, and Silkpro.
I like golden sand bun very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Denis Santry and Peter Ong Boon Kwee.
Aaron Lee, Han Tan Juan, and Walter Makepeace.
6451 5674
FTT, TJC, and PSD.
Junie Sng Poh Leng, Tan Kim Tian, and Tham Yui Kai.
You must try Okayu when you are here.
Hiyashi chuka, Ramen, and Pho.
Number sequence is T1570948Z and date of birth is 15 May 1989.
I am particular about my mee tai mak.
Do you know how to cook Tonkatsu?
Denizen, Beautymaker, and Film Grade.
Chay Weng Yew, Sundarajulu Lakshmana Perumal, and Wong Kah Chun.
Sanjeev, Babasaheb, and Manohar.
Chan Khun Sing Joseph, Ahmad Sonhadji Mohamad, and Chua Joon Siang.
OLW2DY
Jacintha Abisheganaden, Wendy Hutton, and Ho Yee Ping.
How do I get to Bethlehem Bible Presbyterian Church?
air zam-zam is a traditional local cuisine.
pig fallopian tubes is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook pig fallopian tubes.
Alvin Pang and Ho Rui An has met this person that I know of.
Bia, Xiaomi, and E-TWOW.
NP, NPCC, and TRANSCOM.
Nachos, Uthapam, and Mediterranean Penne.
7 3 0 4 5 4 7 2 9 2
Singapore Shooting Association, Images of Singapore, and Jalan Saudara Ku.
What are the landmarks near Leonie Studio?
Lexis is dropping me off at Li Po Avenue.
Hacks, Popular, and Tom & Stephanie.
Kaya, Cherrelle, and Laylah.
Jalan Muhibbah
Vitahealth, Floxia, and Ionil T.
Tay Koh Yat, Abdul Aziz Pakkeer Mohamed, and Chan Chew Koon Michael.
Inderjit Singh, Yong Nyuk Lin, and Lim Kay Tong.
quarter to ten
Addie, Marinda, and Jaleesa.
Fujifilm, Auntie Anne's, and H&M.
Eng Tow, Samuel George Bonham, and Kelvin Tan.
Please look for Dottie when you reach The Sleepy Kiwi Backpackers Hostel.
Please tell me how to get to Riverside Road.
Wasabi, Pita, and Kimbap.
Vientiane is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
salted egg fried fish skin is very tasty.
I am waiting for Emilie to come back from Elizabeth Drive.
Number sequence is T6725801Q and date of birth is 27 July 1987.
Do you know where is De Souza Street?
Ang Yau Choon, Matthew Yap, and C. C. Tan.
Baron loves Guacamole.
I am waiting for Donie to come back from Fairfield Methodist Secondary School.
The Old Ford Factory, Larut Road, and Asia Square South Tower.
Find the fastest way to Jalan Tari Dulang.
Inez bought Makchang gui for Latoyia.
Bioprocessing Technology Institute
Potong Pasir Avenue 3, Oxley Hotel, and Balestier Hill.
Lim Kim Boon, Yee Chia Hsing, and Lee Hsien Loong.
I like Mochi very much.
Lorong Pisang Hijau, Jalan Jeruju, and Cairnhill Fire Post.
NRF, HTSCI, and NIE.
Arnab, Radhakrishnan, and Atal.
Tell me the price of ikan tiga rasa.
Tan Teck Neo, Goh Yihan, and Eric Neo.
Which bus should I take to Sri Mariamman Temple?
Subhas Chandra Bose, Tear Ee Soon, and Narana Putumaippittan.
28,707
kway chap, harum manis, and herbal turtle soup.
Yishun Avenue, Compassvale Street, and Civilian War Memorial.
What is the easiest way to Coronation Road?
Bette, Loyd, and Sherman.
Vincent Leow, Lou Mee Wah, and Yip Pin Xiu.
9 9 3 7 5 3 0 1 2 5
Benzac cream is a well-known brand.
Si Ling Primary School, Soon Lee Road, and Crichton Close.
The Woodbridge Museum, Tan Quee Lan Street, and The Quincy Hotel.
This shop sells Ramen.
Yew Tee Close, Grace Orchard School, and Sport Singapore.
pig fallopian tubes, tahu goreng, and herbal turtle soup.
Methodist Girls' School, Jalan Lanjut, and Min Wah Hotel.
Oxy is loved by its customers worldwide.
Mikalah is dropping me off at Bin Tong Park.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Nanson Drive?
How many calories does a serving of chinese spinach with assorted eggs have?
Gaye, Leopold, and Aleen.
Methodist Girls' School, Mapletree Anson, and Perak Hotel.
8CD69A
Are there food courts or restaurants near Westerhout Road?
Izara, Suria, and Safiya.
Low Kim Pong, Tan Teng Kee, and Syed Hussein Alatas.
Do you know how to cook sliced fish hor fun?
jian dui, kway teow goreng, and butter calamari.
Nothing beats having yi bua in the summer.
Please show me the way to One North Avenue.
9,527
How long will it take to walk to North Coast Drive?
NIE, YMCA, and MTI.
Jeannine recently opened a new Okinawa soba restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Meteorological Services Singapore.
NTUC, TP, and JC.
Persil, Gatsby, and My Choice.
How long will it take to walk to AJC Student Hostel?
Walter Makepeace, Stanley Warren, and Ho Lee-Ling.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Chia Cheong Fook, John Clang, and Intan Azura Mokhtar.
Amy Van, Isadhora Mohamed, and Ida Simmons.
bandung, lobster porridge, and kueh kemboja.
Please tell me how to cook gong-gong.
It's about 10 minutes' walk to Tian Leong Keng Temple.
Lim Kim San David, Hoo Ah Kay, and Yong Lew Foong.
Sashimi, Yaki soba, and Tamago kake gohan.
Could you tell me the way to West Coast Marine Fire Station?
Nola is dropping me off at Compassvale Primary School.
The Fullerton Hotel Singapore
Ng Ser Miang, Zhou Can, and Chee Soon Juan.
Punggol Field, Four Seasons Hotel, and Kian Teck Dormitory.
Alu Matar is a traditional local cuisine.
John Clang, Ang Wei Neng, and Koeh Sia Yong.
Number sequence is T9258674W and date of birth is 05 September 1958.
Duro-Tuss Expectorant, Actifed Pseudoephedrine Tablets, and Gyno-Travogen Isoconazole Nitrate Ovule.
8355 5010
Enjoy your steamed tapioca cake.
7 5 3 5 6 4 4 6 2 0
03 Feb. 2014 05:58:54
Balraj Gopal, Lucy Ratnammah Samuel, and Naraina Pillai.
Georgette Chen, Tan Lee Leng, and Hu Tsu Tau Richard.
6757 5519
Which bus should I take to Amitabha Building?
Citycab, Eversoft, and Kärcher.
Enjoy your Chana Masala.
Hallie loves szechuan noodle.
Jalan Mulia, Westbourne Road, and Jalan Rengas.
Kay Das, Lau Chiap Khai and Robert Ibbetson are in the database.
Iskandar Ismail, Chong Fah Cheong, and Thomas Dunman.
Daryle recently opened a new epok-epok kentang restaurant.
Eugene Chen, Lim Fei Shen, and Beurel Jean-Marie.
Tatsuo, Shannan, and Geraldine.
Nightingale, Tatsumoto, and Vitapet.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Jitong?
Gulab Jamun, Panang Curry, and Seafood Linguine.
Xiu Fang, Ho Hak Ean Peter, and Loo Zihan.
Please tell me how to get to Thomson Road.
Dian, Katijah, and Mahsuri.
Number sequence is T1740269W and date of birth is 17 June 1981.
What is Fiji famous for?
You must try kuih syara when you are here.
Pizza Hut, The Shilla, and Skinny Pizza.
First Lady, Golden Peony, and Alain Delon.
tau kwa pau, gula melaka ice cream, and seafood bee hoon.
Aracely, Tariq, and Elwyn.
Select the fastest way to Nee Soon East Park.
Banh Mi, Nachos, and Mochi.
SST, AJC, and HPB.
Nor, Khalish, and Khatijah.
What are the best restaurants in Tbilisi?
We studied about Lim Siah Tong, Wong Kah Chun and Phua Kin Siang in the class assignment.
Does kai lan seafood taste good?
Anita Sarawak, Sultan Abdul Rahman, and C.Kunalan.
Changi South Street, Sengkang Sculpture Park, and Keppel Bay Drive.
Samgeyopsal, Fish and Chips, and Mugi meshi.
Vikram, Kalluri, and Chandra.
Where can I find the best nasi goreng kampung?
Chan Chin Bock, Yeo Hwee Bin, and Dan Ying.
Khatijah Surattee
Jajangmyeon is very tasty.
InterContinental Singapore, Gateway Avenue, and Saint Anthony's Canossian Secondary.
I am particular about my Lasagne.
Chuang Hsueh-Fang, Wee Shoo Leong, and Anwarul Haque.
Monster Energy Drink, Elle, and Knockout.
I am meeting Tatsuo at Empress Place first.
Batrisya, Lokman, and Melati.
Tan Lark Sye, Chris Yeo Siew Hua, and Mohammad Arif Suhaimi.
6,354
You must try png tao when you are here.
263,958
cuttlefish kang kong, ku chai kuih, and katong laksa.
Kallang Distripark, Kranji Road, and Binchang Rise.
How far away is Trevista from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Lee Hock Moh, Goh Soon Tioe and Halimah Yacob!
It's about 48 minutes' walk to Cove Grove.
Number sequence is T7394156C and date of birth is 28 January 1954.
Please look for Jimmy when you reach Poh Ming Tse Temple.
Texie bought Korokke for Johanna.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Yaounde.
It is faster to take the bus to Harvey Road.
4 7 5 1 1 4 2 8 0 8
M. Saffri A. Manaf, Neo Anngee, and Ken Lim.
Lorong Terigu, Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences, and Sengkang Green.
Ice Mountain, Star Cruise, and Boost.
Show me the best hotels in Brazzaville.
Len, Lexi, and Little.
What is the cheapest way to Cuscaden Walk?
What is the distance to Sembawang Terminal Avenue 3?
Pegu Road, Historic House of 7 Adam Park, and Singapore Land Tower.
Arnab, Narayana, and Potti.
I am waiting for Katia to come back from Aliwal Street.
Delima, Ashraf, and Umar.
Yio Chu Kang Link, Ipoh Lane, and Jalan Tua Kong.
Hiyashi chuka, Spaghetti Bolognese, and Yakitori.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Kelly Tang, Hu Tsu Tau Richard and Rudy William Mosbergen.
Russel Wong, Syed Abdulrahman Taha, and Edmund Blundell.
9085 0408
Tyreek recently opened a new kuih kaswi restaurant.
Lin Hsin Hsin, Eugene Tan Kheng Boon, and Tear Ee Soon.
Nubox, Tangs, and MCM.
I knew a person who has met both Jerry Ng and Kum Chee Kin.
Chan Heng Chee, Loo Zihan, and Lau Chiap Khai.
Lim Chong Yah, Sheik Alau'ddin, and Suzairhe Sumari.
Beach View, Lim Chu Kang Road, and Cameron Hotel.
Dick Lee, Lim Kay Tong, and Josephine Teo.
Shitoryu Karate Association, Jurong Island Highway, and North Woodlands Drive.
How much is Dhokla?
Number sequence is T8103276Y and date of birth is 23 July 1929.
Colora water colours, Kordel's, and Tigerbalm.
There is a food court selling Jalebi behind Edrie's house.
Nichelle, Wendy, and Kiefer.
3I04JF
Jalan Taman, Monk's Hill Terrace, and Peakville Terrace.
tissue prata, nasi padang, and murtabak ayam.
Number sequence is T7630594T and date of birth is 08 July 2000.
Nothing beats having min chiang kueh in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Calvary Assembly of God Church?
I am meeting Foy at Lianhua Primary School first.
How long does it take to get to Dedap Road by taxi?
approximately midnight
Does shark's fin soup taste good?
Arasu, Chen Chong Swee, and Olivia Lum.
oyster omelette is well-known in my hometown.
I want to have a look around Athens. Please guide me.
Eng Tow, Vijesh Ashok Ghariwala, and Ong Keng Yong.
I can't eat all of this Pork Bulgogi.
Where is Vanda Road?
Tom Yam Goong, Barfi, and Salsa.
638th
Pasar Lane, Singapore Indian Fine Arts Society, and Somerset Road.
This is the best black tortoise cake that I can find.
What is the distance to Tuas West Underpass?
fried tofu, pecel lele, and stir fried pork with black pepper.
What are the landmarks near Pioneer?
Jacki Passmore, Thomas Dunman, and Leong Chee Mun.
Koh Seng Leong, Robert Soon, and Jerry Ng.
Kulfi is well-known in my hometown.
Bani Buang, Dominic J. Puthucheary, and Paul Tan Kim Liang.
How much is prata banana?
Chan Kum Wah Roy, Kwek Siew Jin, and Ho Minfong.
Jalan Selaseh, Marine Parade Boys Club, and Lorong Kembang.
Amanda Heng, Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai, and Balraj Gopal.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Limau Purut?
Jalan Serengam, The Istana, and Kuan Im Tng Temple.
13VX0O
This is the best murtabak that I can find.
Fajitas, Beef Vindaloo, and Korokke.
Kaley, Cali, and Dosha.
How far away is Mayflower Rise from here?
Please show me the way to Ironside Link.
peranakan kueh is a must-try.
Dilmah, Glad, and Ozi.
Ngiam Tong Dow, Henry Chia, and Hussein Aljunied.
How long does it take to get to Gillman Heights by taxi?
stir fried pork with ginger onions, ku chai kuih, and braised pork knuckle.
How do I get to Jalan Nira?
Number sequence is T3481257A and date of birth is 14 May 1964.
9310 3637
Please look for Ashlee when you reach Tanglin Gate Road.
Joel Tan, Anne Wong Holloway, and Lee Hoon Leong.
Hanson loves Soba.
6142 9345
Zainal Abidin Ahmad, Devagi Sanmugam, and Charles Edward Faber.
What is the fastest way to Park Avenue Rochester?
Stanley Warren, Chen Cheng Mei, and Angelo Sanelli.
What are the landmarks near Tian Teck Keng Temple?
Nothing beats having Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze in the summer.
Show me the way to Neythal Road.
How do I get to Phoenix Avenue?
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Rukam.
Can I take the MRT to SMU School of Accountancy?
Roland Goh, Balraj Gopal, and Arthur Lim.
Yeo Shih Yun, William Goode, and Tay Seow Huah.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Neram Road?
Zalora, JJ, and Oxyplus.
Please show me the way to Bedok South.
By using names such as Ng Li Chin, Lin Chen and Lee Choon Seng -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
The Bible Church Singapore, Seletar Country Club, and Casuarina Road.
Can I take the MRT to Sandpiper Hotel?
Number sequence is T5916874B and date of birth is 11 November 1991.
Kason, Tre, and Horacio.
I want to buy Caltrate.
Diadora, ecoBrown's, and Monster Energy Drink.
9850th
Could you tell me the way to Twin Regency?
I am meeting Lanita at Mimosa Terrace first.
Select the fastest way to Italian Supplementary School.
29 Dec. 2028 12:25:17
Samgeyopsal, Takoyaki, and Chaat Papri.
Chaat Papri, Butter Chicken, and Tenmusu.
There is a food court selling yang rou tang behind Bush's house.
Eric Moo, Wendy Hutton, and Tan Kim Ching.
Could you tell me the way to Stadium Place?
I trust BD.
I am waiting for Anastacio to come back from Haigsville Drive.
Please look for Emma when you reach Amara Sanctuary Resort.
19 Jul. 2028 07:05:03
How many calories does a serving of Unadon have?
How long does it take to get to Burn Road by taxi?
Tan Hwa Luck, Haji Namazie, Mohd Javad, and Chong Kee Hiong.
kuih kacang hijau, butter prawn, and katong laksa.
Where is Lantana Avenue?
Remifemin, Baritex cream, and Ridwind.
This is the best Oyakodon that I can find.
East Perimeter Road, Lorong Ampas, and Westwood Apartments.
Please tell me how to cook Ramyeon.
Sterimar, Isocal, and Esteem stoma.
nasi lemak, aloo gobi, and kopi c.
Third Hospital Avenue, Furama City Centre, and Bartley Christian Church.
Tan Beng Swee, Lim Siong Guan, and Wang Sha.
Can I take a bus to Central Exchange Green?
How long will it take to walk to Jalan Merlimau?
Shitoryu Karate Association, Buona Vista Neighbourhood Police Post, and DesignSingapore Council.
What is the distance to Plantation Avenue?
Select the fastest way to Wat Ananda Metyarama Temple.
seafood tom yum is a traditional local cuisine.
tau huay, nasi goreng ayam, and frog porridge.
This shop sells sesame balls.
Can I take a bus to 71 Robinson Road?
Melrose Drive, Jalan Lekub, and APSN Tanglin Special School.
Breanna, Venus, and Aracely.
kuih kodok, ku chai kuih, and chili crab.
I like black pepper crab very much.
Where can I find the best Papadum?
Gingko is having a discount.
Norma, Laylah, and Rita.
0 1 5 4 3 5 7 3 4 2
There is a food court selling Oden behind Wayman's house.
Cedarwood Grove, Jalan Hikayat, and Hindhede Drive.
Laguna Golf Green, Gul Link, and Syariah Court.
Odette, Kipp, and Chantel.
bandung, kueh dadar, and kaya balls.
It's about 47 minutes' walk to Henderson Crescent.
Clarissa, Vinnie, and Shanta.
epok epok is very tasty.
Jaelynn, Sommer, and Mammie.
Caryn bought pineapple tart for Lute.
I can't eat all of this chin chow grass jelly.
Suzann Victor, Lim Boon Keng, and Wu Tsai Yen.
Can I take the MRT to Jamiyah Islamic Centre?
Do you know how to cook curry fish head?
Almon loves Panang Curry.
How much is frog porridge?
Jalebi, Chigenabe, and Coriander Chutney.
Does Okonomiyaki taste good?
8M41NA
Haji Ya'acob bin Mohamed, Said Zahari, and Madhavi Krishnan.
The class assignment was to study about Raymond Anthony Fernando, Jackie Yi-Ru Ying and Ellice Handy.
Yu-Foo Yee Shoon, Marie Ethel Bong, and Ong Ye Kung.
Bratwurst, Maili Kofta, and Rogan Josh.
Orchard Point, Duke's Road, and Rosyth Avenue.
Enjoy your mushroom beancurd.
Thum Ping Tjin
P. Krishnan, Joaquim D'Almeida, and Ang Hiong Chiok.
Sonia is dropping me off at Mayflower Crescent.
Ashwood Grove, The Quincy Hotel, and Bishops Place.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Natarajan Chandrasekaran and Ernest Monteiro.
Cassia Crescent, Oei Tiong Ham Park, and Ang Mo Kio Fire Station.
Do you know where is Potong Pasir MRT Station?
Gain City, Levi's, and Beauty People.
Seafood Paella is a must-try.
half past five in the afternoon
George Sita, S. R. Nathan, and Michael Anthony Palmer.
Bangkok Bank Building, Katong Post Office, and Miltonia Link.
Ryann, Caro, and Hazel.
Where can I find the best stir fried chicken with ginger onions?
How far away is Nankin Street Mall from here?
First Avenue, Lorong Mesu, and Pagoda Street.
Brookvale Drive, Outward Bound Singapore, and Changi Business Park Avenue.
A series of biographies about Ivan Heng, Juthika Ramanathan and Stephanie Wong was recently published.
8470 5908
Amanda Koe Lee, Chai Hon Yoong, and Tan Tock San.
I am particular about my chicken gizzard.
Show me the way to Crescent Road.
How many calories does a serving of chai tow kway have?
There are stories about Chuang Hsueh-Fang, Lim Kay Siu and Bani Haykal in the database.
Sekolah Ugama Radin Mas, Jalan Kechubong, and Genting Hotel Jurong.
I am flying to Switzerland now. See you soon.
Keng Cheow Street, West Coast Recreation Centre, and Sunnyville Home.
Where is Salam Walk?
Kumar, Rex Shelley, and P. Krishnan.
8336 6577
Number sequence is S2783654D and date of birth is 02 May 1967.
ASTAR, JC, and NPCC.
King's Road
Chan Sow Lin, C. C. Tan, and C. K. Tang.
Santa Cruz, Ayam penyet ria, and Playboy.
Kirstie, Barnard, and Toshio.
Derrick, Cleveland, and Metro.
HTSCI, JC, and GOVTECH.
Malcolm bought boiled abalone soup for Olof.
James Richardson Logan, Morgan Chua, and Lee Hoon Leong.
The people included in the list are Phay Seng Whatt, Khalil Ibrahim and Goh Choon Kang.
ORD, RSN, and UOB.
Find the fastest way to May Road.
3964 7928
Manasseh Meyer, Suzairhe Sumari, and Thomas Braddell.
713
Which bus should I take to Novotel Singapore Clarke Quay?
6331 4277
Lim Pin, Zoe Tay, and Eugene Chen.
Tell me the price of Lentil soup.
Abdullah Tarmugi, Joan Hon, and Chan Keng Howe Harry.
Show me the way to Bee San Avenue.
Efren recently opened a new Teriyaki restaurant.
It is faster to take the bus to Public Utilities Board.
I like kueh kacang hijau very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on S. S. Ratnam and Seah Peck Seah.
Lee Chiaw Meng, Gabriel Oon Chong Jin, and Franklin Charles Gimson.
3774 0575
Yu-Foo Yee Shoon, Anita Sarawak, and Chia Choo Suan.
You must try Banh Mi when you are here.
7-eleven, Ambros, and Powerpac.
Makchang gui, Salami, and Seafood Paella.
Number sequence is T3280695V and date of birth is 13 January 1962.
I am particular about my nasi goreng seafood.
Do you know how to cook Jokbal?
Yamaha, Chang Beer, and Apgujeong.
Tan Ean Kiam, Magdalene Khoo, and Shen Xi.
Ramdev, Haresh, and Vivekananda.
Cheong Soo Pieng, Junie Sng Poh Leng, and Chua Gim Guan Jimmy.
F2MJHQ
Lim Siew Wai William, Gan Kim Yong, and Sumiko Tan.
How do I get to Jalan Mendong?
kueh lapis is well-known in my hometown.
Billy Koh and Dato Sri Krishna has met this person that I know of.
CPF, RJC, and STB.
Naan, Pork Bulgogi, and Lentil soup.
8 1 2 7 3 5 3 7 8 1
Shangri-La Walk, Ayer Rajah Avenue, and The Battle Box.
What are the landmarks near Changi Airport MRT Station?
Charity is dropping me off at Harrison Road.
American Crew, Marie Claire, and Soundteoh.
Do you know where is Jellicoe Road?
Augustin, Alondra, and Demi.
Yarrow Gardens
Le Coq Sportif, Dasani, and Traveler's Choice.
Vapodrops, Selsun, and Ocuvite.
Justin Zhuang, Sarkasi Said, and Gaston Dutronquoy.
I can't eat all of this baked tapioca.
last friday
Hilma, Kody, and Jazlynn.
James Puthucheary, Joanna Wong Quee Heng, and Liang Eng Hwa.
Please look for Nya when you reach Punggol Central.
Please tell me how to get to M Social Singapore.
Vermicelli, Risotto, and Guacamole.
I would like to travel to Budapest.
kueh talam is very tasty.
I am waiting for Tiffanie to come back from Nanyang Girls' High School.
Number sequence is T2410583T and date of birth is 17 October 2022.
Do you know where is Aljunied Road?
Shameka loves Miso Soup.
I am waiting for Jeanine to come back from Jalan Kelawar.
Technology Crescent, Central Police Division HQ, and Jalan Haji Salam.
Find the fastest way to Jalan Emas Urai.
I like Sekihan very much.
Ang Mo Kio Electronics Park Road, Third Hospital Avenue, and Bencoolen Street.
PDL, MCE, and HSA.
Raman, Tata, and Sunil.
Raman Daud, Chan Keng Howe Harry, and Sim Yi Hui.
Ow Chin Hock, Joash Moo, and Iqbal.
11,729
mushroom beancurd, pig organ soup, and roti prata.
Woodlands Waterfront Promenade, Chai Chee Neighbourhood Police Post, and Mcnally Street.
What is the fastest way to CHIJ St. Theresa's Convent?
Donie, Mittie, and Samantha.
Sun Yee, Charles Emmerson, and Chong You Fook Charles.
4 1 6 8 4 6 2 0 2 8
Dermale is one of the leading brands.
Sembawang Animal Quarantine Station, Pan Pacific, and The Claremont Hotel.
Cerebral Palsy Alliance, National Biodiversity Centre, and Gusti Bed and Breakfast.
Aljunied Avenue 5, Kallang MRT Station, and Sikh Advisory Board.
wonton mee, soup kambing, and sireh.
Joash Moo, Umar Abdullah Al-Khatib, and Peng Yuyun.
InterContinental Robertson Quay, Ocean Drive, and Bedok Lighthouse.
What products does Panaflex have?
Tyreke is dropping me off at Kaki Bukit Avenue.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Kang Choo Bin Road?
How many calories does a serving of sambal sotong have?
Jabez, Margrett, and Estie.
Dedap Place, Lippo Centre, and Halifax Road.
96YQK2
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Tenggiri?
Aizat, Amirah, and Surinam.
Osman Merican, Michael Tan Kim Nei, and Ngiam Tong Dow.
Do you know how to cook pulut hitam?
Nothing beats having chilli sauce clams in the summer.
Stratton Road
Please show me the way to Nee Soon East Park.
933,041
How long will it take to walk to Arts Link?
What currency does Monaco use?
Pat recently opened a new Jajangmyeon restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Dalvey Road.
EJC, ERP, and RJC.
Daniel Wellington, Braun, and Mobot.
How long will it take to walk to Bukit Batok Central?
James Wong Tuck Yim, Agnes Joaquim, and Mary Gomes.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Finlayson, Jackie Yi-Ru Ying, and David Lim.
Ng Yat Chuan, Murray Buttrose, and Ho Yuen Hoe.
milo, nasi goreng kerang, and stir fried chicken with ginger onions.
Please tell me how to cook mushroom beancurd.
Where should I go in Belarus?
It's about 13 minutes' walk to Quality Hotel Marlow.
International Plaza, Jalan Jelutong, and Jalan Tepong.
Ken Kwek, William Shellabear and Yeo Wei Wei? Are you not familiar with these names?
Wong Kwei Cheong, Soo Bin Chua, and Denise Phua Lay Peng.
Kushiyaki, Vegetable Jalfrezi, and Gyros.
Could you tell me the way to Namly Rise?
Claudia is dropping me off at Causeway Point.
Cheong Koon Seng, Wee Tian Siak, and Bernard Francis James.
Lorong Buangkok, Jurong Port, and Jalan Rimau.
Miso Soup is a traditional local cuisine.
Ernest Monteiro, Nadasen Chandra, and Giam Yean Song Gerald.
Number sequence is T0473862Y and date of birth is 25 April 1933.
Esomeprazole, Salbutamol Syrup, and Vivomixx Probiotics Capsule.
8126 0806
Enjoy your herbal chicken feet.
1 5 2 0 7 0 4 7 3 8
Lee Boon Yang, Pancy Seng, and Au Yue Pak.
Gao Ning, Aini Salim, and Lui Hah Wah Elena.
3250 3723
Which bus should I take to Kay Poh Road?
Papa Johns, The Old Malaya Cafe, and Andre.
Enjoy your Carbonara.
Kiarra loves Chapati.
Ming Teck Park, Rosyth Avenue, and Andrews Avenue.
Arasu, Arifin and Oon Jin Gee are in the database.
Abdul Kadir Syed, Michael Fam, and Alexander Laurie Johnston.
Hayleigh recently opened a new fried grouper restaurant.
Zoe Tay, Haji Ambo Sooloh, and Mary Lim.
Yeo Hwee Bin, Godwin Koay, and Lee Gek Seng.
Ronan, Monte, and Mara.
Balina, ComfortDelGro, and Longchamp.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Bukit Timah Shopping Centre?
Garden Stroganoff, Fugu, and Chicken Cutlet.
Winston Choos, Eleanor Wong, and Haji Namazie, Mohd Javad.
Please tell me how to get to Yishun Polyclinic.
Afiq, Farhan, and Suria.
Number sequence is T6089132D and date of birth is 31 March 1996.
Find the fastest way to Chan Chor Min Tong Temple.
How about a tour in Gabon?
You must try beancurd with assorted mushrooms when you are here.
Kawasaki, Mobot, and Uncle Toby's.
turtle soup, tutu kueh, and ang ku kueh.
Renae, Rayshawn, and Talan.
Lee Kuan Yew, Cheong Soo Pieng, and Art Fazil.
Taco Salad, Burrito, and Barfi.
ACS, MPA, and MND.
Cemetry Central St 8
We studied about Ida Simmons, Sim Wong Hoo and Zainal Abidin in the class assignment.
Does fishball noodle soup taste good?
Chua Ek Kay, Remy Ong, and J. B. Jeyaretnam.
Ruby Lane, St Nicholas View, and Raffles Avenue.
Chicken Tikka, Navratan Korma, and Lasagne.
Guru, Jayakumar, and Jawaharlal.
Where can I find the best kwetiau goreng?
Kuo Pao Kun, Tan Beng Swee, and Shah Hussain.
Agedashi dofu is very tasty.
Xinmin Secondary School, Daisy Road, and Lam Soon Singapore.
I am particular about my Butter Chicken.
Frank Cloutier, Pang Guek Cheng, and Andrew Clarke.
Rupiah, Riyal, and Yen.
Pantene, Yuri, and Mr Muscle.
I am meeting Michal at Jalan Sajak first.
Osman, Aisyah, and Deris.
Godwin Koay, Chia Ann Siang, and Benjamin Frank.
13,842
You must try pandan cake when you are here.
304,715
pumpkin sauce prawns, prata bomb, and putu piring.
One Raffles Quay South Tower, Great World, and Jalan Daud.
How far away is Bulim Drive from here?
I know people who have the exact name as K. Jayamani, Cheo Chai-Hiang and Koh Guan Song!
It's about 16 minutes' walk to Fairy Point Hill.
Number sequence is T1830529I and date of birth is 10 May 2012.
Please look for Lamar when you reach Bernam Street.
Where can I get cheap food in Panama City?
It is faster to take the bus to Tian Leong Keng Temple.
This shop sells maggi goreng.
9 9 5 4 5 7 1 7 3 0
Intan Azura Mokhtar, Low Thia Khiang, and Adelene Wee Chin Suan.
Seletar Court, Golden Royal Hotel, and Tampines 1.
Desigual, Bargo, and Arai.
Primus, Dane, and Shatara.
What is the fastest way to Pan Pacific Orchard?
Vitahealth, Physiogel, and KY jelly.
What is the distance to Marina Gardens Drive?
Jalan Tapisan, Industrial Arbitration Court, and The JTC Summit.
Nandan, Keeravani, and Koratala.
Tuas Tech Park
I am waiting for Jayde to come back from Singapore Cheshire Home.
Katijah, Isnin, and Nor.
Ah Hood Road, Leyden Hill, and The Salvation Army.
Naengmyeon, Fritada, and Yakizakana.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Ahmad Sonhadji Mohamad, Lee Siew Choh and Jannie Tay.
8219 8573
Reece recently opened a new pan fried crispy bee hoon restaurant.
See Chak Mun, Chan Chin Bock, and Lambert.
Kiddy Palace, Heinz, and Hada Labo.
I knew a person who has met both Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir and Goh Pei Siong Daniel.
Mah Bow Tan, Naraina Pillai, and Aziza Ali.
Abdul Samad Ismail, Liu Si, and Er Kwong Wah.
Central Staff Apartment, Jalan Simpang Bedok, and Bukit Timah Neighbourhood Police Centre.
George Edwin Bogaars, Shaikh Ahmad bin Bakar Bin Abdullah Jabbar, and Ghillie Başan.
Fajar Road, Pasar Lane, and Jalan Kuras.
How much is Chicken Tikka?
Number sequence is T2607138W and date of birth is 27 May 1923.
Tell me the price of sesame balls.
Sigvaris, Hiruscar, and Convatec.
There is a food court selling Monsunabe behind Dick's house.
Sister, Daja, and Crista.
Gul Street, Onraet Road, and Springside View.
bee tai mak, milo, and chili crab.
Number sequence is S7561304X and date of birth is 01 April 1954.
Nothing beats having kueh dadar in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Adis Road?
I am meeting Madilynn at Work Pass Services Centre first.
How long does it take to get to Jalan Malu Malu by taxi?
CBD, CISCO, and CHIJ.
Does mochi ice cream taste good?
Tan Lip Seng, Chua Boon Lay, and Lee Seng Tee.
deep fried fish with sweet and sour sauce is well-known in my hometown.
I want to have a look around Maputo. Please guide me.
Khaw Boon Wan, Goh Lay Kuan, and Stanley Warren.
I can't eat all of this Lasagne.
Where is Namly Hill?
Beef Galbi, Yaki udon, and Bibimbap.
471st
Kwan Im Thong Hood Cho Temple, Wheelock Place, and Petain Road.
This is the best chinese spinach with assorted eggs that I can find.
What is the distance to Tanjong Pagar Complex?
beancurd with assorted mushrooms, o ku kueh, and yu sheng.
What are the landmarks near Beach Road?
Philip Jeyaretnam, Seow Poh Leng, and Lee Tjin.
Dhershini Govin Winodan, Charles Gamba, and Michael Seet.
Tacos is well-known in my hometown.
Tan Sin Aun, Laurence Nunns Guillemard, and Yong Mun Chee.
How much is kuay chap?
Kwa Siew Tee, Lim Biow Chuan, and Hon Sui Sen.
Eastern Health Alliance, Jalan Mas Puteh, and Fudu Park.
Leong Chee Mun, Sudhir Thomas Vadaketh, and William Jervois.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Junyuan Secondary School?
Kranji Loop, Poh Ern Shih Temple, and The Istana.
GNLTP5
This is the best bun that I can find.
Vermicelli, Dangojiru, and Udon.
Braxton, Chynna, and Acy.
How far away is Marsiling Drive from here?
Please show me the way to Labour Relations & Workplaces Division.
plaster prata is a must-try.
Nong Shim, Cornell, and Wingstop.
Yau Tian Yau, Xiu Fang, and Isaac Henry Burkill.
How long does it take to get to Greenridge Primary School by taxi?
kari lemak ayam, mung bean fritters, and sireh.
How do I get to Sumang Walk?
Number sequence is S3968714A and date of birth is 17 January 2002.
9166 9680
Please look for Shepherd when you reach Kim Tian Road.
Chan Sow Lin, Lee Seng Huat, and Chay Jung Jun Mark.
Kyree loves murtabak lembu.
6340 3017
Elim Chew, Liew Geok Leong, and Jeremiah Choy.
What is the fastest way to Rain Tree Drive?
Lee Yi Shyan, Choo Hwee Lim, and Oon Jin Teik.
What are the landmarks near Sea Breeze Grove?
Nothing beats having Yaki soba in the summer.
Show me the way to Flora Road.
How do I get to Old Lim Chu Kang Road?
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Tenaga.
Can I take the MRT to Snow City?
Maarof Salleh, Gerald De Cruz, and Pauline Dawn Loh.
Wong Ming, Tan Choh Tee, and Stanley Toft Stewart.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Mimosa Vale?
Jetstar, Afiq M, and Urban Decay.
Please show me the way to Chesed-El Synagogue.
By using names such as Mohamed Rozani Maarof, Richard James Wilkinson and Look Yan Kit -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Fidelio Circus, Almond Street, and Jacob Ballas Children's Garden.
Can I take the MRT to Bukit Panjang Plaza?
Number sequence is T1078594R and date of birth is 17 July 2011.
Williams, Renea, and Monnie.
I want to buy Enervon.
Jetstar, American Tourister, and Persil.
Could you tell me the way to Kurau Terrace?
I am meeting Lela at Genting Hotel Jurong first.
Select the fastest way to Mountain Biking.
11 Jan. 2004 00:04:32
Ravioli, Sauerkraut, and Kheema.
Hummus, Takikomi gohan, and Chigenabe.
Chulia Street
There is a food court selling Tekkadon behind Amiyah's house.
Abdul Aleem Siddique, Goh Yihan, and Montague William Pett.
Could you tell me the way to Girl Guides Singapore?
What is the latest Pansy product?
How long is the flight to Burma?
I am waiting for Marie to come back from Robey Crescent.
Please look for Ginny when you reach Kandahar Street.
17 May 1990 03:14:54
How long does it take to get to Yusof Ishak Secondary School by taxi?
kway chap, pig's organ soup, and chai tow kuay.
Where is Singapore University of Technology and Design?
Blephagel, Scott's, and Ketoconazole shampoo.
This is the best Lasagne that I can find.
Still Road, Zhen Ren Gong Temple, and Lulu Hotel.
Please tell me how to cook Tenmusu.
Nepro, Dermale, and Oppo.
shredded chicken noodles, kueh lapis, and kwetiau goreng.
Shenton Lane, Kampong Java, and Upper Cross Street.
Michael Fam, Koh Hong Teng, and Ho Chee-Kong.
Can I take a bus to Walmer Drive?
How long will it take to walk to Sakra Avenue?
Lornie Viaduct, Sree Maha Mariamman Temple, and Larut Road.
What is the distance to Tong Sian Tng Temple?
Select the fastest way to Commonwealth Drive.
kwetiau goreng is a traditional local cuisine.
salted egg calamari, herbal turtle soup, and sour and spicy soup.
This shop sells punggol nasi lemak.
Can I take a bus to Namly Rise?
Changi Airport Terminal, Pan Pacific Suites Beach Road, and Ping Yi Secondary School.
Jeremey, Linnie, and Pearlie.
ayam masak merah, chicken noodles, and spinach with mushroom.
I like fishball noodle very much.
Where can I find the best Sauerkraut?
What can I use Ceradan for?
Moesha, Richelle, and Florie.
1 1 0 4 4 7 6 8 7 2
Kelvin Tan, Ong Kian Peng and William Tan? You are not familiar with these names?
Mount Alvernia Medical Centre, Teck Ghee, and Trevose Place.
Yew Tee Point, Lewin Terrace, and Nanyang Girls' High School.
Durwood, Morris, and Antionette.
frog porridge, mee sua, and yong tau foo.
It's about 28 minutes' walk to Venue Hotel.
Myrtis, Irvine, and Marsh.
sop kambing is very tasty.
Ewart bought sup kambing for Alesha.
I can't eat all of this bhindi masala.
Edwin Brown, William Alexander Pickering, and Eu Yee Ming Richard.
Can I take the MRT to Jalan Baiduri?
Do you know how to cook traditional sponge cake?
Carolann loves Zosui.
Maurice, Sharonda, and Lillia.
How much is snowflake ice?
Gyoza, Bibimbap, and Ladoo.
singapore fried kway tiao, ayam penyet, and kueh lupis.
Does Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara taste good?
LPS5TY
Choo Seng Quee, Su Guaning, and Paul Abisheganaden.
The class assignment was to study about Goh Eck Kheng, Vincent Ng and Ian Woo.
Wee Choon Seng, Bashir Ahmad Mallal, and Koh Guan Song.
Pulao, Bibimbap, and Kimchi jjigae.
Kramat Lane, 76 Shenton Way, and Aljunied Avenue 2.
Enjoy your nasi sambal goreng.
Bayfront Drive
Denis Santry, Yeo Tiam Siew, and Lee Dai Soh.
Freda is dropping me off at Seletar Club Road.
Kian Teck Road, Second Avenue, and Jalan Payoh Lai.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Fandi Ahmad and Ng Li Chin.
Jalan Kembangan, Park Royal On Pickering, and Jamiyah Home for the Aged.
Do you know where is Le Hotel?
Rockingham, Delsey, and Cadbury.
Chicken Cutlet is a must-try.
Lim Siong Guan, Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis, and Chia Cheong Fook.
Lengkok Bahru, Innotel Hotel, and Singapore International Campus.
Where can I find the best kueh kosui?
How far away is Homestay Residences from here?
Cardifi Grove, Greendale Secondary School, and Jalan Pakis.
The Leo, Mohamed Ali Lane, and Champion Way.
A series of biographies about Desmond Sim, Lim Suchen Christine and Aw Boon Haw was recently published.
9276 5790
Loo Zihan, Michael Olcomendy, and Kirsten Tan.
Nikujaga, Chorizo, and Spaghetti Bolognese.
I am particular about my punggol nasi lemak.
Aurangzeb, Kailash, and Gouthu.
Show me the way to Jalan Pemimpin.
How many calories does a serving of gula melaka ice cream have?
There are stories about Hamid Supaat, Sir Shenton Thomas and Tan Eng Liang in the database.
Jalan Puteh Jerneh, Chancery Lane, and Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
I am looking for a tour around Vietnam.
Christ Methodist Church, Fire Safety & Shelter Department, and Ernani Street.
Where is Redhill Lane?
Constance Sheares, Joi Chua, and Chai Hon Yoong.
9387 8685
bbq chicken wings is a must-try.
SRJC, RP, and SAM.
East View Secondary School
Ho Kwon Ping, Lavender Chang, and Lee Seng Wee.
AGV, Afiq M, and Hasbro.
Patrice, Katy, and Jude.
Dagmar, Katerina, and Neal.
SUTD, RVHS, and PP.
Socorro bought Tandoori Chicken for Lucretia.
Au Yue Pak, Tan Ban Soon, and Leonard Montague Harrod.
The people included in the list are Chan Chin Bock, Eugene Tan Kheng Boon and Ismail Marjan.
Find the fastest way to Swissotel Merchant Court.
3422 3870
Cherian George, Shangguan Liuyun, and Harichandra.
18,892
Which bus should I take to Colchester Grove?
6914 0792
Manasseh Meyer, Koh Eng Kian, and Naa Govindasamy.
Tell me the price of Nikujaga.
Charles Gamba, Low Kim Pong, and T. Sasitharan.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Ubi?
Show me the way to Orchard Plaza.
Mr teh tarik, Fresh & White, and L'Oréal.
It is faster to take the bus to Gardens by the Bay.
Greenleaf Place, War Memorial Park, and Whampoa South.
I like chinese spinach very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Cherian George and Rajabali Jumabhoy.
Oei Tiong Ham, Bernard Tan, and Yong Pung How.
6589 5075
SUSS, CSC, and MCI.
Joyce Jue, Edwin Brown, and Richard Kee.
You must try Samgeyopsal when you are here.
Forever 21, Dr.Wu, and Gold Kili.
Panang Curry, Korokke, and Beef Galbi.
Number sequence is T5183946Y and date of birth is 05 February 2017.
I am particular about my kai lan beef.
Do you know how to cook Gyros?
Sara Lee, Haagen Dazs, and Domino Pizza.
Khaw Boon Wan, Ng Yak Whee, and Claire Chiang.
Renu, Sarojini, and Alluri.
Lin Hsin Hsin, Khalil Ibrahim, and Goh Eck Kheng.
09LWY8
How do I get to Singapore Buddhist Meditation Centre?
garlic chicken is a traditional local cuisine.
wantan mee is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook kue lupis.
Kesavan Soon and Linn In Hua has met this person that I know of.
Zalora, Victoria Secret, and Evian.
NUSSU, POSB, and BKE.
Masoor Dal, Tonkatsu, and Tamago kake gohan.
0 4 6 7 0 4 2 9 6 9
Newton Circus, Jalan Anak Patong, and Jalan Segam.
What are the landmarks near Evolution Garden Walk?
Kenyatta is dropping me off at Lorong Lada Merah.
The Closet Lover, Dynamo, and Topshop.
Arminta, Lovina, and Kori.
Royal Road
Louis Vuitton, Burberry, and Samsonite.
T3, Bonjela, and Pansy.
Fang Kuo Wei Nicholas, Chan Meng Wah Alexander, and Tay Eng Soon.
Amy Khor, Yeo Ah Seng, and Chia Choo Suan.
I can't eat all of this stir fry beef with black pepper.
about a quarter to ten tonight
Bob, Natalya, and Mallory.
Cube-I, Tahuna, and Habibie.
Please look for Janae when you reach Kaplan Residence.
Please tell me how to get to Lowland Road.
Burrito, Ras Malai, and Oyakodon.
Addis Ababa is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
nasi pattaya is very tasty.
I am waiting for Casie to come back from Pei Tong Primary School.
Number sequence is S6095217P and date of birth is 11 June 1965.
Do you know where is Oxford Road?
Eugene Tan Kheng Boon, Jack Lai, and Liu Si.
Dorathy loves sam lau.
I am waiting for Malaki to come back from King's Avenue.
Police Coast Guard, Mei Ling Street, and Lorong Sireh Pinang.
Find the fastest way to Giok Hong Tian Temple.
Kinsley bought chappati for Isaac.
Kebun Baru Neighbourhood Police Post
Sri Senpaga Vinayagar Temple, Central Manpower Base, and Finnish Supplementary School.
Alfian Sa'at, Dollah Kassim, and Tay Yong Kwang.
I like Biryani very much.
Singapore Prison Service, Singapore Indian Fine Arts Society, and Tyrwhitt Road.
Jehangirr, Renu, and Dhyan.
Tell me the price of durian pengat.
Orfeur Cavenagh, Chia Choo Suan, and G. P. Selvam.
Which bus should I take to Siloso Beach Walk?
William Farquhar, Benjamin Frank, and William Jervois.
8,010
kueh kosui, yam talam, and yi bua.
Katmandu Road, Singapore Chinese Recreation Club, and Maritime Square.
What is the easiest way to Jalan Tari Zapin?
Edmund Blundell, Montague William Pett, and Cham Tao Soon.
2 4 5 2 8 4 5 6 8 7
I'm a loyal customer of Molnylcke health care.
Jalan Kemboja, Lentor Avenue, and Jalan Asas.
Marine Crescent, Geylang Bahru Lane, and Anglo-Chinese School.
This shop sells Takoyaki.
Institute of BioEngineering & Nanotechnology, Dhoby Ghaut, and Old Nanyang University Memorial.
George Oehlers, Hussein Aljunied, and Rita Zahara.
Camphor Avenue, Fa Shi Lin Temple, and Upper Aljunied Link.
Natura Stoma is loved by its customers worldwide.
Caldonia is dropping me off at Beeh Low See Temple.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Springside View?
How many calories does a serving of steamed rice cake with preserved radish have?
Mariana, Katlyn, and Machelle.
Upper Bedok Road, Singapore Philatelic Museum, and Jalan Jintan.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Parkstone Road?
Azura, Dayang, and Putera.
Bong Hiong Hwa, Li Jiawei, and Yusman Aman.
mee siam, ice kachang, and pork rib soup.
Nothing beats having bbq sotong in the summer.
Seletar Country Club
Please show me the way to West Coast.
How long will it take to walk to Saiboo Street?
I am thinking of visiting Austria. Can you go with me?
CBD, MUIS, and MOM.
Lawyer recently opened a new Gyudon restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Barker Road Methodist Church.
RVHS, GEP, and DSO.
Rejoice, Seng Choon, and Monopoly.
How long will it take to walk to War Cemetery Road?
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Tay Teow Kiat, Willin Low, and Low Yen Ling.
Kwa Geok Choo, Dick Lee, and Iskandar Jalil.
ginger onions beef, coffee pork ribs, and kueh syara.
Please tell me how to cook pineapple fried rice.
I would like to travel to Malawi. What is the fastest way there?
It's about 49 minutes' walk to Poh Huat Terrace.
Old Sarum Road, Sengkang Riverside Park, and Kolam Ayer Neighbourhood Police Post.
Tan Yeok Nee, Ravinder Singh and Cheo Chai-Hiang? Are you not familiar with these names?
Boey Chuan Poh, Julian Yeo See Teck, and Alexander Guthrie.
Coriander Chutney, Yakizakana, and Taco Salad.
Could you tell me the way to Tuas Jetty?
Tea is dropping me off at Hougang Avenue B.
Yahya Cohen
Lui Hah Wah Elena, Ajit Singh Gill, and Pritam Singh.
Mochi is a traditional local cuisine.
Kok Heng Leun, Jennifer Tham, and Choo Keng Kwang.
Number sequence is T3528791Q and date of birth is 13 February 1935.
8439 7422
Enjoy your duck noodle.
0 1 9 2 6 9 5 5 8 7
09 Apr. 1940 21:33:30
Lim Chor Pee, Kwek Hian Chuan Henry, and Kam Kee Yong.
Chow Yian Ping, Stefanie Sun, and Yong Nyuk Lin.
6801 5892
Which bus should I take to Compassvale Lane?
Her Jewellery, Alain Delon, and American Crew.
Wash loves Saag Paneer.
Soleil @ Sinaran, Khoo Teck Puat Hospital, and Tekong Highway.
K. F. Seetoh, Tan Chong Tee and Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim are in the database.
Haresh Sharma, Chan Kim Boon, and Lee Seow Ser.
Liam recently opened a new appam restaurant.
Sarkasi Said, Naa Govindasamy, and Philip Chia.
Ong Peng Hock, Meira Chand, and Ow Chin Hock.
Alys, Mckayla, and Dorinda.
Crocs, King's, and Vitamin Water.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Ju Eng Home for Senior Citizens?
Unagi, Chana Masala, and Guacamole.
Sim Yi Hui, John Hitchcock, and Toh Liying.
Please tell me how to get to Kampong Ubi Industrial Estate.
Munah, Izzara, and Syirah.
Number sequence is S3687205Q and date of birth is 29 March 2009.
Find the fastest way to Upper Thomson Road.
You must try pulut tatal when you are here.
Times, Michelin, and Casio.
soya milk, macarons, and lemper pisang.
Daniella, Zaiden, and Rosie.
Select the fastest way to Ling Kwang Home for Senior Citizens.
Samosa, Katsudon, and Mediterranean Penne.
MHA, ELD, and SUTD.
Nim Green
Dewi, Batari, and Dollah.
I would like to visit Nairobi.
We studied about Art Fazil, Bey Hua Heng and Seet Ai Mee in the class assignment.
Nadasen Chandra, Thio Chan Bee, and Kit Chan.
U8 Hostel, Benoi Road, and Punggol Port Road.
Biryani, Jajangmyeon, and Beef Galbi.
Makineni, Virat, and Jayaprakash.
Where can I find the best braised pork knuckle?
Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir, Rita Chao, and Lee Man Fong.
Dalhousie Lane
Raita is very tasty.
Istay.Inn, Shuqun Secondary School, and Jalan Bangsawan.
Bill Chen, Lim Fong Jock David, and Ng Eng Hen.
franc, Riel, and Taka.
Mizuno, Danone, and Old Chang Kee.
I am meeting Rilla at Singapore Swimming Club first.
Kartini, Syafiq, and Izzara.
Rita Zahara, Koh Hoon Teck, and Peter Gilchrist.
35,653
You must try kueh lopes when you are here.
9,959,507
ya kun kaya toast, chai kueh, and frog porridge.
MOE Changi Coast Outdoor Adventure Learning Centre, The Chevrons, and Jalan Murai.
How far away is Sky@eleven from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Li Rulin, Lee Hee Seng and John Le Cain!
It's about 29 minutes' walk to Holland Grove Terrace.
Number sequence is T4579613K and date of birth is 18 March 1934.
Please look for Kaleena when you reach Will's Registry.
Wayland bought Breadsticks for Florrie.
Where can I get cheap food in Bridgetown?
It is faster to take the bus to Kim San Temple.
This shop sells ngoh hiang.
3 7 0 2 7 1 8 2 8 4
Fang Kuo Wei Nicholas, Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth, and Sarah Winstedt.
SMRT Sports & Recreation Club, Orchard Turn, and Lorong Limau.
OCBC Bank, Golden Chance, and Tiger Beer.
Show me the best hotels in San Salvador.
Lossie, Vernia, and Edson.
What is the easiest way to North East Community Development Council?
Ezerra, Vapodrops, and Centrum.
What is the distance to Sarimbun Avenue?
Jalan Krian, Family and Juvenile Court, and Whampoa Road.
Birbal, Vanu, and Teesta.
B. N. Rao
I am waiting for Gale to come back from Swanage Road.
Nabil, Aidil, and Siti.
Copyright Tribunal, Wan Lee Road, and Melrose Drive.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Pang Teck Joon, June Yap and Oi Lin.
Chan Khun Sing Joseph, Teo Soon Chuan, and Bashir Ahmad Mallal.
8775 7388
Irven recently opened a new Lamb Kebabs restaurant.
Wendy Hutton, Ernest P. Shanks, and Lee Seng Huat.
Calvin Klein, Carl's Junior, and Build A Bear.
I knew a person who has met both Mahmud Ahmad and Emma Yong.
Ow Chin Hock, Teo Eng Seng, and Chee Swee Lee.
Lee Yi Shyan, Naraina Pillai, and Haresh Sharma.
Queensway Shopping Centre, Bishan Public Library, and Bukit Batok East Avenue.
Wu Peng Seng, Sidek bin Saniff, and Tan Tock Seng.
Orchid Country Club, Spring Street, and Saint Patrick's School.
How much is Katsu Tendon?
Tell me the price of coin prata.
There is a food court selling Ochazuke behind Libbie's house.
Braxton, Olevia, and Estrella.
DS3G0P
Tiong Bahru Road, Compassvale Lane, and Old Parliament Lane.
black pepper chicken, nasi goreng kampung, and teochew porridge.
Number sequence is T3450987D and date of birth is 26 March 2013.
Nothing beats having kaki ayam in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Carlton Walk?
I am meeting Jeffie at Data Storage Institute first.
How long does it take to get to Serangoon Central Drive by taxi?
it is nine forty three in the morning
SCDF, SPC, and HPB.
Does fried garoupa taste good?
Kang Siong Joo, Lim Eng Hock Peter, and Kwek Hong Png.
teochew huat kueh is well-known in my hometown.
Lim Fei Shen, Chia Kiah Hong Steve, and Stella Kon.
I can't eat all of this Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze.
Where is Simei?
Boribap, Onigiri, and Sambar.
Chempaka Kuning Link, Countryside Road, and Seagull Walk.
This is the best lontong that I can find.
What is the distance to Police Security Command?
chai kuih, mee pok, and salted egg yolk calamari.
What are the landmarks near Lorong Tanggam?
Louis Ng Kok Kwang, Santha Bhaskar, and Anita Sarawak.
Ong Pang Boon, Joseph Isaac Schooling, and Noor S. I..
Mugi meshi is well-known in my hometown.
Kenneth Mitchell, Teo Soon Kim, and Xu Yuan Zhen.
How much is e-bua?
Shaikh Ahmad bin Bakar Bin Abdullah Jabbar, Chuan Keng Boon, and Alex Ong Boon Hau.
Holland Heights, The Istana, and UMC Dormitory.
Leo Hee Tong, Checha Davies, and Ka Perumal.
Are there food courts or restaurants near CHIJ Katong Primary?
The Duke, Swan Lake Avenue, and Elliot Road.
02AP3K
This is the best fish head bee hoon that I can find.
Taco Salad, Yakizakana, and Uthapam.
Arnold, Audie, and Rishi.
How far away is 4D Magix from here?
Please show me the way to Swedish Supplementary Education School.
prata onion is a must-try.
Jack & Jones, Dolce and Gabbana, and Seoul Mart.
Tan Ean Kiam, Lin Gao, and Tang Liang Hong.
How long does it take to get to Cleantech Height by taxi?
bandung, vadai, and garlic chives steamed rice cake.
How do I get to Jalan Pari Dedap?
Number sequence is S8541306K and date of birth is 30 November 2016.
8871 8102
Please look for Michele when you reach Lorong Bengkok.
Henry Nicholas Ridley, Woon Wah Siang, and B. N. Rao.
Pearlene loves kueh syara.
6371 2879
P. Ramlee, Yaacob Ibrahim, and Ying E Ding.
What is the easiest way to Yuva Bharati International School?
Chin Harn Tong, Han Yong May, and Rosaline Chan-Pang.
What are the landmarks near Kwan Siang Tng Temple?
Nothing beats having Samgyeopsal in the summer.
Show me the way to Hindhede Walk.
How do I get to Angullia Park?
It is faster to take the bus to Kebun Baru CC.
Can I take the MRT to Hong Leong Building?
Mok Ying Jang, Lee Seng Wee, and Suzairhe Sumari.
Tan Siah Kwee, Kwok Kian Chow, and Naraina Pillai.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Grassroots Club?
Gillette, Lush, and Megan.
Winfield, Holmes, and Conor.
Please show me the way to Arya Samaj.
By using names such as Suradi Parjo, Eng Boh Kee and Ron Wong -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Boon Tat Link, Jalan Chegar, and Pasir Panjang Christ Church.
Can I take the MRT to The Line @ Tanjong Rhu?
Number sequence is S7850491O and date of birth is 06 November 1961.
Nobie, Alexys, and Florance.
White soft paraffin is on promotion.
Ajinomoto, Fruit Plus, and Paul Smith.
9430th
Could you tell me the way to Portchester Avenue?
I am meeting Manford at Punggol 21 first.
Select the fastest way to Landmark Tower.
23 Aug. 1927 23:44:58
Karaage Fried Chicken, Mugi meshi, and Omurice.
Idili, Carbonara, and Takikomi gohan.
Wing On Life Garden
There is a food court selling chin chow grass jelly behind Eva's house.
William Alexander Pickering, Gopal Baratham, and Goh Eng Wah.
Could you tell me the way to Keat Hong Shopping Centre?
I trust Berocca.
How long is the flight to Mongolia?
I am waiting for Hadassah to come back from Changi North Rise.
Please look for Ott when you reach Elias Park Avenue.
27 Sep. 2014 07:38:04
How many calories does a serving of Fugu have?
How long does it take to get to Kranji Industrial Estate by taxi?
Ong Kim Seng, Lee Choo Neo, and Rash Behari Bose.
kuih syara, fried pumpkin prawns, and pig fallopian tubes.
Where is Ascott Raffles Place?
Hospicare, Pregain, and Accucheck.
This is the best Jalebi that I can find.
Tampines Grande, Phoenix Garden, and Changi Ferry Terminal.
Please tell me how to cook Chicken Tikka.
Vapodrops, Dermale, and Dentiste.
hainanese chicken rice, macarons, and png tao.
City House, Bukit Brown Chinese Cemetery, and Marine Parade Road.
Lee Chiaw Meng, Victor Sassoon, and Peter Augustine Goh.
How long will it take to walk to Toa Payoh Rise?
Jalan Berjaya, Hong San Terrace, and Reservoir Link.
What is the distance to Anchorvale Crescent?
milo dinosaur is a traditional local cuisine.
rempeyek, sugee cake, and getuk getuk.
This shop sells kaya toast.
Can I take a bus to Nanyang Crescent?
The Claymore, Lengkok Satu, and Ang Mo Kio Town Garden East.
Nylah, Caryn, and Stephani.
singapore-style noodles, kwetiau goreng, and tahu goreng.
I like lemper ayam very much.
Where can I find the best Nanakusa-gayu?
Ceradan is having a discount.
Vlasta, Mollie, and Darci.
There is a food court selling Chana Masala behind Kassidy's house.
Bong Hiong Hwa, Mohamed Latiff Mohamed and Juthika Ramanathan? You are not familiar with these names?
Outward Bound School Camp 2, Lorong Bunga, and Jalan Dusan.
Geylang Square, Sion Christian Church, and One North MRT Station.
Curt, Joretta, and Ozell.
garlic naan, pineapple fried rice, and kai lan beef.
There is a food court selling Sashimi behind Rianna's house.
It's about 54 minutes' walk to Teo Kim Eng Road.
Calhoun, Audra, and Marylou.
murtabak ayam is very tasty.
Ilma, Giuseppe, and Moody.
Killian bought Hummus for Montrell.
I can't eat all of this teochew huat kueh.
Shirin Fozdar, Jason Chan, and Robert Goh.
Can I take the MRT to Singapore Coins and Notes Museum?
Do you know how to cook bubur cha cha?
Osie loves Kheer.
Clabe, Fannie, and Abigale.
How much is chwee kueh?
Sambar, Udon, and Lamb Vindaloo.
maggi goreng, prata bomb, and teh c.
Does Nachos taste good?
Tan Choh Tee, Ali Iskandar Shah, and Bey Soo Khiang.
The class assignment was to study about Ong Eng Guan, Osman Zailani and Frank Cloutier.
Liew Wee Mee, Eugene Chen, and Tay Eng Soon.
Marymount Convent School, Hampshire Road, and Dickson Road.
Lam Pin Min
Loh Wai Kiew, Shirley Chew, and Sim Kee Boon.
Dimitri is dropping me off at Empress Place.
Kaki Bukit Place, St Barnabas Lane, and Galistan Avenue.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Wee Lin and Harbans Singh.
Somerset Road, Outram Polyclinic, and Bras Basah Road.
Do you know where is Northoaks Primary School?
Bia, Cotton On, and Sakae Sushi.
Currywurst is a must-try.
at five AM this morning
Chia Kiah Hong Steve, Ho Hak Ean Peter, and Janil Puthucheary.
Lorong Marican, Jalan Gali Batu, and Bali Lane.
Yee, Neta, and Zeta.
Where can I find the best tauhu goreng?
How far away is Nee Soon Road from here?
John Road, Sungei Kadut Avenue, and Twin Regency.
Jalan Lembah Thomson, Singapore Mint Coin Gallery, and 78 Shenton Way.
A series of biographies about Aline Wong, Ho Ching and Wang Dayuan was recently published.
8699 8907
Punch Coomaraswamy, Simon Wee, and Rita Chao.
Pulao, Nikujaga, and Makchang gui.
I am particular about my fish head bee hoon.
Razia, Vedre, and Arnab.
Show me the way to Tan Si Chong Su.
How many calories does a serving of ayam panggang have?
There are stories about Sarkasi Said, Muhammad Ariff Ahmad and Chua Chim Kang in the database.
Ascott Raffles Place, Temasek Club, and Devan Nair Institute of Employment and Employability.
What is the weather like in Chile?
Great World, Singapore Taxi Academy, and Tua Kong Place.
Where is Jalan Bunga Rampai?
Joyce Jue, Che Dah Mohamed Noor, and Chow Sau Hai Roland.
8561 1750
fried pumpkin prawns is a must-try.
Number sequence is T3450782X and date of birth is 16 January 1923.
Abdul Aziz Pakkeer Mohamed
Ng Eng Hen, Joan Hon, and Phoon Yew Tien.
Bayard, Henrietta, and Lonny.
USS, MICE, and DHS.
Dionne bought kuih lopes for Dionte.
Yan Hui Chang, Alfred Duff Cooper, and Chia Keng Hock.
The people included in the list are Bonny Hicks, George Murray Reith and Neo Anngee.
PDL, YJC, and SGH.
Find the fastest way to Sri Mariamman Temple.
6828 8940
Charles Paglar, Alvin Tan Cheong Kheng, and Raman Daud.
1,129
Which bus should I take to Concorde Hotel Singapore and Shopping Centre?
6325 9420
G.Kandasamy, Wong Kah Chun, and Sophia Hull.
Tell me the price of Ladoo.
A. Ramli, Leslie Tay, and Loh Kok Heng.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Montreal Road?
Show me the way to Siak Kew Avenue.
Kathleen recently opened a new ghee thosai restaurant.
Tangs, Courts, and Dettol.
It is faster to take the bus to Simei Lane.
The Gateway East, Tampines Central, and Saint Andrew's Cathedral.
I like mochi taiyaki very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Wang Dayuan and Cecil Clementi Smith.
Ibrahim Omar, Xu Yuan Zhen, and Herbert Eleuterio.
6332 1741
NAS, APD, and PROCOM.
Lee Peh Gee, Mah Li Lian, and Ahmad Khan.
You must try Pho when you are here.
Yaki soba, Pita, and Katsudon.
Number sequence is S2438705P and date of birth is 06 April 2023.
I am particular about my black tortoise cake.
Do you know how to cook Lamb Kebabs?
Tung Chye Hong, Sim Ann, and Sim Wong Hoo.
Raghuram, Bilahari, and Vivekananda.
Cham Tao Soon, Neo Ah Luan, and Ian Loy.
EMJ489
Kouo Shang-Wei, Lee Seng Tee, and Goh Soo Khim.
How do I get to Newton Road?
hainanese curry rice is a traditional local cuisine.
tau huay is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook oxtail soup.
Austen Ong and Ajit Singh Gill has met this person that I know of.
Benefit, Breeze, and Cesar.
RC, SNB, and SSDC.
7 5 0 5 9 3 0 9 4 2
Jalan Terang Bulan, Management Development institute of Singapore, and Dakota Close.
What are the landmarks near Hokien Street?
Britt is dropping me off at Waringin Park.
Mercedes Benz, Prata Wala, and Top Gourmet.
Do you know where is Elias Terrace?
Marc, Sing, and Alec.
Watten View
Ricola, Centrum, and Emulsying ointment.
Chua Koon Siong, Goh Eck Kheng, and Masagos Zulkifli.
Gopal Baratham, Ashley Isham, and Loh Sin Yun.
round about four AM this morning
Stalford Learning, Karl Lagerfeld, and Enfagrow.
Lim Sun Gee, Chu Chee Seng, and Yeo Cheow Tong.
Please look for Loney when you reach Woodsville.
Please tell me how to get to Elim Church Assembly of God.
Imoni, Hummus, and Dal Makhani.
Ljubljana is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
saltish beancurd is very tasty.
I am waiting for Tyrique to come back from Scotts Shopping Centre.
Number sequence is S0819327F and date of birth is 10 March 1921.
Do you know where is The Frontier?
Nai Swee Leng, Alex Ong Boon Hau, and Ng Teng Fong.
Haylie loves kuih kasturi.
I am waiting for Corrie to come back from SAF Education Centre.
Find the fastest way to Canning Walk.
Amelie bought Deodeok gui for Spencer.
Singapore Life Church
Bethesda Hall, East Coast Road, and Jurong West Avenue.
Arthur Henderson Young, Woon Wah Siang, and Paine Eric.
I like Sukiyaki very much.
Novena Specialist Centre, Sin Ming Avenue, and Marrison Hotel.
VITAL, 4D, and GCE.
Tell me the price of black pepper beef.
James Richardson Logan, Tan Keong Choon, and Dennis Tan Lip Fong.
Which bus should I take to Fourth Lok Yang Road?
Christopher De Souza, Lee Tjin, and Josephine Teo.
1,712,581
white bee hoon, baked tapioca, and apom berkuah.
Lorong Ampas, Green Haven, and Zubir Said Drive.
What is the fastest way to Marine Aquaculture Centre?
Tamela, Adda, and Cale.
Chan Chee Seng, Chan Kum Wah Roy, and Kelly Tang.
1 0 5 4 4 3 6 5 1 3
Pu Ti Buddhist Temple, Peacehaven Nursing Home, and Talma Road.
Jalan Dondang Sayang, Tai Kak Seah Temple, and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital.
This shop sells Banh Mi.
Marina Way, Yue Hwa Building, and Park Royal On Pickering.
prata strawberry, kuih kacang hijau, and mochi ice cream.
Family Education & Promotion Division, Faber Avenue, and Chin Bee Avenue.
Butler is dropping me off at Park Avenue Suites River Wing.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near St Martin's Lane?
How many calories does a serving of bak kut teh have?
Elvira, Elva, and Elda.
Jalan Puteri Jula Juli, Lompang Road, and Ama Keng Road.
9EFY4B
Are there food courts or restaurants near Lengkok Angsa?
Irene Ng Phek Hoong, Sha'ari bin Tadin, and Tay Seow Huah.
Do you know how to cook bee hoon soup?
stir fried beef with ginger onions, peanut butter jelly ice cream, and fish ball noodles.
Nothing beats having lemak siput in the summer.
Please show me the way to Butterfly Avenue.
64,642
How long will it take to walk to Second Link?
I am thinking of visiting Colombia. Can you go with me?
Richard recently opened a new black pepper chicken restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to New Town Secondary School.
GRC, URA, and PDL.
Challenger, Dr Oetker, and First Lady.
Lai Kew Chai, Aini Salim, and Norothy Ng.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Tham Sien Yen, C. C. Tan, and Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai.
Nai Swee Leng, Koh Seng Kiat Terence, and Chan Chang How.
rojak india, kacang pool, and stir fry beef with black pepper.
Please tell me how to cook marshmallow cheesecake.
How about a boat tour in Latvia?
It's about 34 minutes' walk to Sakra Road.
United Overseas Bank Plaza One, Shaw Towers, and Sea Breeze Avenue.
Hang Chang Chieh, Lim Siew Wai William and Thio Chan Bee? Are you not familiar with these names?
Udon, Hiyashi chuka, and Sashimi.
Could you tell me the way to Rider's Lodge Resort?
Shelba is dropping me off at Hawaii Hostel.
Michael Olcomendy
Sitoh Yih Pin, Teo Soon Chuan, and Yvonne Ng Uhde.
Changi Coast Road, Tuas South Boulevard, and Trafalgar Street.
Tandoori Chicken is a traditional local cuisine.
Number sequence is T5241698E and date of birth is 09 August 2028.
Nurogen-E Tablet, Antacid with Simethicone, and Gyno-Travogen Isoconazole Nitrate Ovule.
Enjoy your llao llao sanum.
28 Dec. 1975 00:31:49
S. S. Ratnam, Koh Seow Chuan, and Tao Li.
Which bus should I take to Truro Road?
Johnnie Walker, Superga, and Benefit.
Enjoy your Onion Pakora.
Valorie loves chrysanthemum fried grouper.
Lorong Bachok, Seton Close, and Lorong Kembang.
Chin Harn Tong, Ho Sou Ping and Chua Joon Siang are in the database.
Lee Seng Tee, Ken Lim, and Andrew Clarke.
Wyman recently opened a new roti john daging restaurant.
Nissim Nassim Adis, Samuel George Bonham, and Yeo Ning Hong.
Lucy Koh, T. Sasitharan, and Wee Cho Yaw.
Harl, Pauline, and Hayley.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Sendudok?
Ootoro Sushi, Chicken Pasta, and Chigenabe.
Please tell me how to get to Shenton Way.
Number sequence is S2158093S and date of birth is 16 October 1974.
Find the fastest way to Charlton Road.
What is Saint Vincent and the Grenadines famous for?
You must try crayfish beehoon when you are here.
Armani Exchange, Listerine, and Llao Llao.
American Tourister, Crumpler, and Pilot.
Austyn, Tanner, and Arlin.
Select the fastest way to Woodlands Waterfront Promenade.
Lasagne, Gobchang gui, and Fajitas.
Amirul, Dhia, and Nurul.
I want to have a long stay in Kathmandu. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about Silvia Yong, Tin Pei Ling and Syed Hussein Alatas in the class assignment.
Does black pepper beef taste good?
Wee Shoo Leong, Desmond Sim, and Navroji R. Mistri.
Jalan Tiga, Residences @ Evelyn, and Verde Walk.
Garden Stroganoff, Samosa, and Minestrone.
Priyanka, Keeravani, and Dilip.
Rahimah Rahim, Navroji R. Mistri, and Chan Chee Seng.
Andover Road
Falafel is very tasty.
Jalan Krian, Pan Pacific Orchard, and Essex Road.
I am particular about my Tom Kha Gai.
Riel, USD, and BND.
Yeo's, Ling Wu, and Prima.
Imran, Wati, and Shuib.
Alec Kuok, Pan Shou, and Chan Cheng Wah Bernard.
6,391
You must try hainanese curry rice when you are here.
5,654
pig's brain soup, nasi briyani lembu, and jian dui.
Marrison at Desker, Kim Seng Promenade, and Ripley Crescent.
How far away is Camp Road from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Willin Low, Heng Swee Keat and Tan Gee Paw!
It's about 20 minutes' walk to Kim Chuan Road.
Number sequence is S8160579H and date of birth is 02 December 2006.
Please look for Blake when you reach West Coast Plaza.
Sandi bought Jokbal for Dollie.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Madrid.
It is faster to take the bus to Sennett Drive.
8 0 9 8 3 0 5 1 7 7
Sharon Wee, Kenneth Keng, and Gabriel Oon Chong Jin.
Lorong Lew Lian, King Albert Park, and North Coast Drive.
Pentel, Ted Baker, and Yoplait.
Iyana, Valentino, and Orah.
What is the fastest way to Institute of Mental Health?
What is the distance to Jurong West Street 42?
Jalan Rabu, Straits View, and 4D Magix.
Mahade, Renu, and Kalluri.
I am waiting for Charlize to come back from Marina Bay Suites.
Batrisya, Wati, and Adi.
Verde Walk, Lorong Lada Merah, and Wittering Road.
Kushikatsu, Date Tamarind Chutney, and Idili.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Hoey Choo, Punch Coomaraswamy and Maria Hertogh.
Jimmy Ong, Jernnine Pang, and Alfred Duff Cooper.
9102 6482
Lourdes recently opened a new nasi goreng kerang restaurant.
Tan Hwee Hock, Tan Hwee Hwee, and Lim Siang Keat Raymond.
Circles.Life, DBS Bank, and Maybelline.
I knew a person who has met both Jennifer Yeo and Tan Wu Meng.
Agnes Joaquim, Rose Chan, and Osman Zailani.
Tan Kim Ching, Richard Kee, and Ho Hong Sing.
Camden Park, Upper Palm Valley Road, and Armenian Church.
Du Nanfa, Choor Singh Sidhu, and Simon Tay Seong Chee.
Sri Guru Singh Sabha, Burghley Drive, and Clover Avenue.
How much is Kushiyaki?
Number sequence is T4362581B and date of birth is 18 March 1949.
Tell me the price of fried chicken.
Fibogel, Bonjela, and Vapodrops.
There is a food court selling Rajma behind Dean's house.
Chloie, Adonis, and Noemie.
1VBRGX
Jurong Island Terminal, Southpoint, and Hotel Grand Pacific.
sweet and sour deep fried fish, soya milk, and rempeyek.
Number sequence is T6972813Z and date of birth is 20 September 1934.
Nothing beats having satay in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Fajar Shopping Centre?
How long does it take to get to National Neuroscience Institute of Singapore by taxi?
T. Kulasekaram, Lim Boon Heng, and Umar Abdullah Al-Khatib.
butter calamari is well-known in my hometown.
Am I right that Apia is a capital city?
I can't eat all of this Okonomiyaki.
Where is Bioprocessing Technology Institute?
Quesadillas, Medu Vada, and Seafood Linguine.
219th
Penang Road, Shitoryu Karate Association, and Bougainvillea Garden.
This is the best gula melaka ice cream that I can find.
What is the distance to Singapore Maritime Gallery?
chilli sauce clams, appam, and black pepper chicken.
What are the landmarks near Hospital Drive?
Alvin Pang, George Collyer, and Yong Pung How.
John Clang, Aisyah Lyana, and V. K. Rajah.
Fritada is well-known in my hometown.
Li Lienfung, Lai Weijie, and Alex Josey.
How much is stir fried pork with ginger onions?
DIMENSIONS International College, Linden Drive, and Suntec City.
Wang Chunde, Mohamed Taha Haji Jamil, and Grace Young.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Bahtera Track?
Jalan Kelabu Asap, Newton GEMS South, and Chang Charn Road.
TSJ2UZ
This is the best singapore-style noodles that I can find.
Ootoro Sushi, Pad Thai, and Maili Kofta.
Lynette, Siddie, and Oney.
How far away is Farleigh Avenue from here?
Please show me the way to Hua Yi Secondary School.
Monopoly, Rivercrest, and Kit Kat.
Lee Yong Kiat, Shui Lan, and Lee Seng Tee.
How long does it take to get to Nanyang Drive by taxi?
bistake, salted egg calamari, and chinese steamed yam.
How do I get to Aquatic Science Research Centre?
Number sequence is S5713926K and date of birth is 31 January 1960.
8628 1613
Please look for Tom when you reach Jurong East.
Anthony Chen, William Jervois, and Seow Peck Leng.
Arrie loves Chorizo.
Tan See Boo, Ong Koh Bee, and Percival Frank Aroozoo.
I am meeting Shyla at Corporation Walk first.
What is the fastest way to Libra Drive?
Choor Singh Sidhu, Mah Bow Tan, and William Robinson.
What are the landmarks near BudgetOne Hotel?
Nothing beats having Bratwurst in the summer.
Show me the way to Leong Hwa Chan Si Temple.
How do I get to University Walk?
It is faster to take the bus to Gifted Education Branch.
Can I take the MRT to Lengkok Satu?
Charles Burton Buckley, Liew Geok Leong, and G.Kandasamy.
Ong Ye Kung, Lim Hak Tai, and Alex Josey.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Mandai?
Kierra, Julius, and Paisley.
Please show me the way to Ng Teng Fong Hospital & Jurong Community Hospital.
By using names such as Chai Yee Wei, Yu Zhuye and Tan Teck Soon -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Biggin Hill Road, Cheng Lim, and Historic House of Alexandra Hospital.
Number sequence is S3048916F and date of birth is 15 November 2007.
Clydie, Bryton, and Lillianna.
Suu balm is on promotion.
Jim Beam, Timezone, and Bonia.
9324th
Could you tell me the way to Students Walk?
I am meeting Gunnar at Henderson Wave first.
Select the fastest way to Liuxun Sanhemiao.
15 Mar. 1948 00:27:59
Seafood Paella, Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze, and Yakizakana.
Bukit Merah HDB Branch Office
There is a food court selling Yakitori behind Maximilian's house.
Chen Shiji, Tay Yong Kwang, and John Fearns Nicoll.
Could you tell me the way to Ridgewood Close?
How long is the flight to Guatemala?
I am waiting for Queen to come back from Grand Imperial Hotel.
Please look for Delma when you reach Yunnan Drive.
04 May 2003 22:03:07
How many calories does a serving of Okinawa soba have?
How long does it take to get to Lorong J Telok Kurau by taxi?
Lim Chwee Chian, Halimah Yacob, and Lim Yau.
kopi o, sup kambing, and traditional sponge cake.
Where is Yung Ping Road?
Panadol, Molnylcke health care, and Esteem stoma.
This is the best Okayu that I can find.
Chek Jawa, Sengkang Square, and Leong Hwa Chan Si Temple.
Please tell me how to cook Mugi meshi.
curry mixed vegetable, baby squid, and ngoh hiang.
Keppel Road, Sing Avenue, and New Industrial Road.
Chua Gim Guan Jimmy, Yee Siew Pun, and Thomas Shelford.
Can I take a bus to Seah Im Road?
How long will it take to walk to Commonwealth Drive?
What is the distance to Taman Nakhoda?
Select the fastest way to Wong Chin Yoke Road.
bun is a traditional local cuisine.
ginger onions beef, ongol ubi, and baked tapioca.
Can I take a bus to Jalan Sinar Bulan?
Jalan Ilmu, Lulu Hotel, and Balmoral Park.
Aydin, Florence, and Izabella.
I like steamed grouper very much.
Where can I find the best Onion Pakora?
Hirudoid is having a discount.
Elihu, Evelyne, and Permelia.
1 6 1 6 5 7 5 9 4 0
There is a food court selling Ratatouille behind Shaina's house.
Lee Yi Shyan, Ng Bee Kia and Quah Kim Song? You are not familiar with these names?
St Margaret's Road, Metta Home for the Disabled, and Lighthouse Baptist Church.
Poh Ern Shih Temple, Cashew Terrace, and Students Walk.
Gorden, Pat, and Carie.
deep fried ngoh hiang, chili crab, and nasi briyani lembu.
It's about 52 minutes' walk to Kampong Ubi Neighbourhood Police Post.
Kimberly, Jory, and Sasha.
llao llao sanum is very tasty.
Shaquan, Letta, and Lacie.
Meredith bought Yaki udon for Asbury.
I can't eat all of this kueh salat.
George Yeo Yong-Boon, Derek Wong Zi Liang, and Umar Abdullah Al-Khatib.
Can I take the MRT to Hillcrest Road?
Do you know how to cook carrot cake?
Anwar loves waffle.
Dylan, Kinsley, and Almedia.
How much is garlic pork and pork floss with brinjal?
Panang Curry, Agedashi dofu, and Pretzel.
nasi sambal goreng, chilli crab, and pandan cake.
Does Ootoro Sushi taste good?
M3N1L0
George Quek, Koh Poh Koon, and Josef Ng.
Dangojiru, Fritada, and Maili Kofta.
Lorong Mega, Greenwich Drive, and Mornington Crescent.
Koeh Sia Yong
Dato Sri Krishna, Martin Yan, and Lim Leong Geok.
Willa is dropping me off at Old Cathay Building.
Balestier Hotel, Gek Poh Ville, and Jelapang.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Amy Khor and Ye Shufang.
Airport Fire Station 1, Jalan Membina Barat, and Compassvale.
Do you know where is Keong Saik Road?
Chivas Regal, Fujitsu, and Prima Deli.
Kimchi jjigae is a must-try.
twenty one minutes past three in the afternoon
Hugh Charles Clifford, Khoo Seow Hwa, and Parga Singh.
City Square Mall, Jalan Lebat Daun, and British Council.
Mason, Chloie, and Hortencia.
Where can I find the best red tortoise steamed cake?
How far away is Nee Soon South from here?
Jalan Jintan, Pitt Street, and Unity.
Paragon Medical Centre, Raffles Girls' School, and Police Licensing and Regulatory Department.
A series of biographies about Arthur Lim, Iqbal and Robert Fullerton was recently published.
8360 9196
Lucy Tan, Alfred Frisby, and Audrey Wong.
Vegetable Jalfrezi, Nanakusa-gayu, and Alu Gobi.
I am particular about my fish soup bee hoon.
Pratap, Arvind, and Kanwaljit.
Show me the way to International Plaza.
How many calories does a serving of red tortoise steamed cake have?
There are stories about Chan Khun Sing Joseph, Tan Shen and Soon Peng Yam in the database.
Senoko Power Station, Sentosa Development Corporation, and Jalan Tapisan.
I am looking for a tour around Sint Maarten.
Pavilion Grove, Sin Ming Avenue, and Singapore Mint Coin Gallery.
Where is Joon Hiang Road?
P. Krishnan, Meira Chand, and Bani Buang.
9654 9648
pig's brain soup is a must-try.
Number sequence is S9572308K and date of birth is 15 June 1948.
Chua Ah-Huwa Monica, Yong Ah Kee, and Tan Kian Por.
Erastus, Kiley, and Felecia.
IRAS, MOF, and WDA.
Herb bought Oden for Jude.
Percival Frank Aroozoo, Suppiah Dhanabalan, and T. Sasitharan.
The people included in the list are Firdaus Nordin, Tam Wai Jia and Low Siew Nghee.
MOD, SDP, and SDU.
Find the fastest way to Novotel Singapore Clarke Quay.
6254 1197
Yusof Ishak, Lee Wee Nam, and Ow Chin Hock.
399,008
Which bus should I take to Jalan Ilmu?
6057 2403
Chan Choy Siong, Anthony Chen, and Deborah Ong Hui Min.
Tell me the price of Pizza.
Spencer Chapman, Ying E Ding, and Mahmood Yusof.
Show me the way to Sungei Serangoon.
Kaleb recently opened a new pig fallopian tubes restaurant.
Coasta Sands, Vicks, and Pedigree.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Angin Laut.
Kampong Ubi Neighbourhood Police Post, Joo Yee Road, and Kenya Crescent.
I like daal very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Charles Emmerson and Abdul Halim Haron.
Jacki Passmore, Lim Suchen Christine, and Yeo Ning Hong.
6474 9382
MINDEF, RP, and EMA.
Dhershini Govin Winodan, Loh Wai Kiew, and Liu Si.
You must try Spaghetti Bolognese when you are here.
BreadTalk, Magnum, and Marmite.
Udon, Jajangmyeon, and Chapati.
Number sequence is S2341659I and date of birth is 07 August 1983.
I am particular about my roti john ayam.
Do you know how to cook Oden?
Moon Star, Mizuno, and Osim.
Wan Kam Fook, Rosemary Tessensohn, and Zhuang Shengtao.
Ram Manohar, Sachin, and Ghanshyam.
Woon Wah Siang, Mohammad Arif Suhaimi, and Leon Perera.
Robert Tan Jee Keng, Azman Abdullah, and Lim Kim San.
sambal stingray is a traditional local cuisine.
lemang is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook black pepper beef.
Jimmy Ong and Amy Khor has met this person that I know of.
Geraldton, Ashley Summers, and Bank of China.
SAFRA, NHB, and CDC.
Crepe, Miso Soup, and Salsa.
8 6 9 9 8 2 4 7 1 3
Starlight Road, Tian Leong Keng Temple, and Jinshan Hotel.
What are the landmarks near King's Road?
Judie is dropping me off at Balmoral Road.
Aden, Ozi, and Mirinda.
Do you know where is Klang Road?
Jannie, Koen, and Marco.
Chua Phung Kim
Sunmaid, Dilmah, and Noa Sleep.
Polident, BD, and Dermale.
Jiang Hu, Lim Kim San, and Lee Bee Wah.
Sunny Sia, Tan Shen, and Winston Choos.
I can't eat all of this hae mee.
ten minutes past seven in the evening
Ashlea, Lyric, and Emmaline.
YOU C1000, Microsoft, and Tom & Stephanie.
Cecil Clementi Smith, Ong Eng Guan, and Hu Tsu Tau Richard.
Please look for Rosanna when you reach Wimborne Road.
Please tell me how to get to Vernon Park.
Pulao, Nikujaga, and Gobchang gui.
I would like to travel to Ulaanbaatar.
yu sheng is very tasty.
I am waiting for Beckie to come back from Super 8 Hotel.
Number sequence is S1209834Y and date of birth is 30 October 1931.
Chuang Hsueh-Fang, Mylene Ong, and Syed Mohamed Ahmed.
Lawerence loves curry fish head.
I am waiting for Fredrick to come back from Willow Avenue.
Find the fastest way to Broadrick Close.
Mandy bought Udon for Alissa.
Tuas View Place
Opera Estate, Lagos Circle, and Wimborne Road.
I like Wasabi very much.
Bo Seng Avenue, Park Road, and Pelton Link.
SSG, NTU, and CJC.
Chanda, Priyanka, and Raghuram.
Tell me the price of mee siam.
Teng Mah Seng, Yap Boon Chuan, and Lim Yew Kuan.
Which bus should I take to Commonwealth Avenue West?
Goh Boon Teck, S. Jayakumar, and Lim Yew Kuan.
8,842,895
International Road, Jalan Pacheli, and Mount Faber Road.
What is the easiest way to Upper Bukit Timah?
Anjelica, Levina, and Donna.
Maliki Osman, Kartar Singh Thakral, and Tan Chuan-Jin.
Mepilex is a well-known brand.
Revival Centre Church, Youth Olympic Park, and Flint Street.
Lucky Gardens, Church of the Resurrected Living Christ, and Wellington Circle.
Claymore Drive, Broadway Hotel, and Lentor Road.
wantan mee, har kow, and fishball noodle.
Mohamed Sultan Road, Sri Darma Muneeswaran Temple, and Regent Street.
What products does Mepilex have?
Luetta is dropping me off at Sungei Serangoon.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Koh Sek Lim Road?
How many calories does a serving of durian have?
Claudius, Matias, and Donal.
Fernwood Terrace, Sentosa Ranger Station, and East Coast Parkway.
XU905L
Wong Yoon Wah, Kam Kee Yong, and S. R. Nathan.
lemper udang, red tortoise steamed cake, and mushroom tofu.
Chuan Drive
Please show me the way to Metta Home for the Disabled.
364
What currency does Timor-Leste use?
PTC, NS, and EMA.
Ott recently opened a new Salami restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Kiew Lee Tong Temple.
HCI, MJC, and DJ.
Palmolive, Olympus, and Hardy's.
How long will it take to walk to Lengkong Satu?
S. R. Nathan, Lee Peh Gee, and Zubir Said.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Ken Lim, Yeo Yeow Kwang, and Khaw Boon Wan.
Che Dah Mohamed Noor, Goi Seng Hui, and Tony Khoo.
mee soto, frog porridge, and sweet and sour sotong.
Where should I go in Hong Kong?
It's about 18 minutes' walk to Benjamin Sheares Bridge.
Chartwell Drive, Westerhout Road, and War Memorial Park.
Karl Richard Hanitsch, Low-Jimenez Felicia and Phay Seng Whatt? Are you not familiar with these names?
Lee Gek Seng, Zena Tessensohn, and Noor S. I..
Shabu-shabu, Kalguksu, and Kheema.
Could you tell me the way to Malacca Hotel?
Blas is dropping me off at Henderson Senior Citizens' Home.
Jalan Ulu Sembawang
Gordon Arthur Ransome, Low Thia Khiang, and Chen Su Lan.
Silat Road, Soo Chow Garden Road, and Jalan Labu Manis.
Lamb Kebabs is a traditional local cuisine.
Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Tan Howe Liang, and Wee Choon Seng.
Number sequence is T2347501B and date of birth is 19 February 2023.
Kefentech Ketoprofen Plaster, Robitussin DM Guaiphenesin Syrup, and Faktu Policresulen Suppositories.
8692 6438
Enjoy your fried mee sua.
8 2 6 0 1 6 8 2 5 9
02 Aug. 1941 09:06:44
Philip Jackson, Tan Choh Tee, and Ramli Sarip.
Chia Thye Poh, Gwee Ah Leng, and Alexander Guthrie.
6192 3764
Which bus should I take to Lorong Kembagan?
Karl Lagerfeld, Maybelline, and Obey.
Enjoy your Unagi.
Ramon loves bee hoon soup.
Lorong Pisang Emas, Tham Soong Avenue, and Hong Leong Building.
Chua Chong Long, Tracey Tan and Pang Guek Cheng are in the database.
Eugene Chen, Loke Wan Tho, and Ong Teng Cheong.
Derick recently opened a new nasi goreng kerang restaurant.
Lim Siew Wai William, Eric Moo, and Yip Cheong Fun.
Owyang Chi, Tay Chin Joo, and K. Jayamani.
Edra, Randle, and Nell.
Mr Muscle, Ayam penyet ria, and Osim.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Sejarah?
Pita, Oyakodon, and Tom Yam Goong.
Arasu, Yeng Pway Ngon, and Liao Yingru.
Please tell me how to get to Police Logistics Department.
Aqeelah, Qalisha, and Afiqah.
Number sequence is S4891360D and date of birth is 23 August 1943.
Find the fastest way to Dunman Lane.
Is there a Singapore embassy in Trinidad and Tobago?
You must try ikan bakar when you are here.
Red Man, Acer, and Moon Star.
Essential, Ritz Crackers, and Lotte.
steamed garoupa, prata onion, and vegetarian bee hoon.
Rozanne, Handy, and Debbi.
Teh Cheang Wan, Thomas Braddell, and Kesavan Soon.
Select the fastest way to Yan Kit Road.
Pulao, Tempura, and Samgeyopsal.
CNB, AJC, and BBDC.
Abdul, Mahsuri, and Kifli.
We studied about Han Yong Hong, Henry Tan and Andre Filipe Desker in the class assignment.
Does nasi lemak taste good?
Vijesh Ashok Ghariwala, Loh Lik Peng, and Mohamed Eunos Abdullah.
KFI Karting Circuit, Buyong Road, and Sunlove Abode for the Intellectually Infirmed.
Ochazuke, Tortillas, and Imoni.
Where can I find the best putri salad?
Lui Pao Chuen, Lim Tiong Ghee, and T. Kulasekaram.
Better Vision
Sashimi is very tasty.
Bukit Manis Road, Watten Estate Road, and Far East Plaza.
I am particular about my Wasabi.
Seow Yit Kin, Tan Lip Seng, and Tan Kah Kee.
BND, Rupiah, and Riel.
Shoaib, Syarafina, and Budi.
Low Siew Nghee, Sudhir Thomas Vadaketh, and Edmund Cheng.
36,904
You must try stir fried mee tai mak when you are here.
xiao long bao, stir fry chicken with black pepper, and glutinous rice cake.
Mount Alvernia Hospital, Hougang MRT Station, and Nanyang Poly Drive.
How far away is Jalan Lye Kwee from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Eugene Chen, Koh Mui Hiang Julie and Eleanor Wong!
It's about 2 minutes' walk to Tai Seng Christian Church.
Number sequence is T7804512C and date of birth is 09 May 1933.
Please look for Paige when you reach Cheang Wan Seng Place.
Thor bought gulai daun ubi for Moises.
Where can I get cheap food in Sofia?
It is faster to take the bus to Sea Avenue.
This shop sells kari babi.
8 4 6 0 9 9 4 7 5 8
Lim Kim San, Low Sanmay, and Subhas Chandra Bose.
Willow Avenue, Thekchen Choling, and Moral Home for The Aged Sick.
Perdix, MAC, and Bakerzin.
What is the fastest way to Sao Tome?
What is the cheapest way to Chuan Drive?
Berocca, Dermaveen, and Nepro.
What is the distance to Grand Park Orchard?
Terminal Avenue, Leong Hwa Chan Si Temple, and Rotan Lane.
Santha, Vavilala, and Vishal.
Goh Keng Swee
I am waiting for Silvio to come back from Fragrance Hotel.
Citra, Zaynab, and Dollah.
Singapore Kwong Wai Siew Peck San Theng, Tung Po Avenue, and The Boulevard Residence .
Takikomi gohan, Pizza, and Gyros.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about William Robinson, Ee Boon Kong Henry and Sunny Sia.
Teo Soon Chuan, Hong Sek Chern, and Abdul Aleem Siddique.
8684 5879
Yahaira recently opened a new pig's organ soup restaurant.
Andre, Emel by Melinda Looi, and Moon Star.
I knew a person who has met both Andrew Yip and Lien Ying Chow.
Phan Ming Yen, Amrin Amin, and Gretchen Liu.
Jalan Tupai, Chung Cheng High School, and Ubi Avenue 4.
Balraj Gopal, C. K. Tang, and Lee Gek Seng.
SIA Building, DNA Database Laboratory, and Jalan Punai.
How much is Teriyaki?
Number sequence is S2860517V and date of birth is 23 August 1996.
Tell me the price of kueh bingka ubi.
Obimin, Futuro, and Vitahealth.
There is a food court selling Gyudon behind Alyvia's house.
RFVKG4
Albert Street, Dakota Crescent, and Ring Road.
stir fry chicken with ginger onions, sweet and sour calamari, and laddu.
Number sequence is S8412763B and date of birth is 20 August 2019.
Nothing beats having kuih manggis in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Harbour Ville Hotel?
I am meeting Laurance at Abundant Grace Presbyterian Church first.
How long does it take to get to Jalan Ketumbit by taxi?
half past two
Does rendang taste good?
Lien Ying Chow, Hossan Leong, and Bong Hiong Hwa.
butter masala is well-known in my hometown.
Which are the famous attractions in Tirana?
Justin Quek, Venerable Shi Ming Yi, and Chandran Nair.
I can't eat all of this Falafel.
Where is NPCC Camp Resilience?
Jingisukan, Vegetable Jalfrezi, and Gyros.
5903rd
Aliwal Park Hotel, Millennia Institute, and Rosewood Drive.
This is the best mochi taiyaki that I can find.
What is the distance to Farrer Park Hospital?
kuih ubi kayu, plain naan, and rojak india.
What are the landmarks near Woodgrove Avenue?
Lee Hock Moh, Alex Josey, and Shanti Pereira.
M. P. H. Rubin, Ong Siong Kai, and Chew Kheng Chuan.
Salami is well-known in my hometown.
Rodney Tan, Syed Sheikh Syed Ahmad Al-Hadi, and Ernest P. Shanks.
How much is maggi goreng?
Peh Chin Hua, Khaw Boon Wan, and William Tan.
Burgundy Crescent, Kreta Ayer, and Prinsep Street Presbyterian Church.
Lim Kim Boon, Yu Zhuye, and Joanne Soo.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Nee Soon Spring?
Joo Seng Road, Park Central, and G4 Station Backpackers Hostel.
KSW03F
This is the best crispy golden brown mantou that I can find.
Katsudon, Idili, and Lasagna.
Raymond, Melodie, and Audley.
How far away is Bukit Ho Swee Crescent from here?
Please show me the way to Jurong West Central.
nasi lemak is a must-try.
Fong Hoe Beng, Cecil Clementi, and William Robinson.
How long does it take to get to Gogreen Cycle & Island Explorer by taxi?
hae mee, mooncake, and stir fry pork with black pepper.
How do I get to Faber Grove?
Number sequence is T9645201R and date of birth is 02 September 1969.
Please look for Roberta when you reach Singapore Buddhist Youth Mission.
Tan Seng Poh, Davinder Singh, and Loo Choon Yong.
Chauncy loves Medu Vada.
6578 5699
Lim Nee Soon, Ho Sou Ping, and Ruben Pang.
What is the fastest way to Pearl's Hill City?
Jit Koon Ch'ng, Heng Swee Keat, and Tan Siah Kwee.
What are the landmarks near Maida Vale?
Nothing beats having Risotto in the summer.
Show me the way to Fuchun Primary School.
How do I get to Hamilton Road?
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Mamam.
Arasu, Lau Poo Seng Raymond, and Lim Yong Liang.
Ang Teck Bee, Vilma Laus, and Lee Kuan Yew.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jambol Walk?
Whisper, Snapple, and Best Denki.
Jewell, Carole, and Tegan.
Please show me the way to Chapel of the Holy Spirit.
By using names such as B. S. Rajhans, Maria Dyer and Goh Rui Si Theresa -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Holland Grove Terrace, Changi Fire Station, and Hong San See Temple.
Can I take the MRT to Nanyang Valley?
Number sequence is S5791830B and date of birth is 16 November 2027.
Porter, Marlys, and Edna.
I want to buy Omron.
7243rd
Could you tell me the way to Sentosa Development Corporation?
I am meeting Luca at The Clementi Mall first.
Select the fastest way to Farrer Park Mediplex.
12 Nov. 1966 13:24:09
Onion Pakora, Naengmyeon, and Papadum.
The Mitraa
There is a food court selling kopi o behind Classie's house.
Wong Kin Jong, Janil Puthucheary, and Heng Swee Keat.
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Mashhor?
Where can I find a shop that sells Avene?
Where is the best view in Malaysia?
I am waiting for Annabella to come back from Kang Choo Bin Road.
Please look for Leonidas when you reach Vista Terrace.
04 Jul. 1924 02:38:48
How many calories does a serving of Samosa have?
How long does it take to get to Amaryllis Ville by taxi?
Loke Yew, Fatimah Lateef, and Zulkifli bin Mohamed.
cuttlefish kang kong, begedil, and traditional sponge cake.
Where is Jalan Kebun Limau?
Natura Stoma, Strepsils, and Obimin.
This is the best Chimichangas that I can find.
Dafne Street, Old Thong Chai Medical Institution, and Malacca Street.
Please tell me how to cook Chapati.
Neostrata, Suu balm, and Eucerin.
nutella tart, drunken prawns, and bbq sotong.
Delhi Road, MOE Building, and Myra's Beach Club.
Can I take a bus to Jalan Simpang Bedok?
How long will it take to walk to Robin Walk?
Select the fastest way to Redhill.
pork satay is a traditional local cuisine.
deep fried fish with sweet and sour sauce, bak chor mee, and nasi goreng ikan bilis.
This shop sells butter naan.
Can I take a bus to Compassvale Crescent?
Capital Tower, Old Thong Chai Medical Institution, and Jalan Redop.
Ceylon, Toby, and Norita.
I like drunken prawns very much.
Where can I find the best Yaki udon?
What can I use Redoxon for?
Carsen, Shena, and Ceylon.
1 8 1 9 2 0 3 3 2 0
Nalla Tan, Zai Kuning and Judith Prakash? You are not familiar with these names?
Teck Whye Shopping Centre, Kadayanallur Street, and Kwong Avenue.
Police Protective Security Command, Northshore Drive, and Albert Winsemius Lane.
Karolyn, Tawnya, and Shawnda.
braised pork knuckle, tau huay, and singapore sling.
There is a food court selling mee kuah behind Ashlee's house.
It's about 10 minutes' walk to Bukit Tinggi Road.
singapore fried kway tiao is very tasty.
Frieda, Lyndia, and Jerold.
Almira bought ayam buah keluak for Ovila.
I can't eat all of this chicken briyani dum.
Can I take the MRT to Tras Street?
Do you know how to cook nasi goreng kampung?
Jon loves prata masala.
How much is stir fried beef with ginger onions?
Bratwurst, Jalebi, and Kimbap.
Does Chimichangas taste good?
NK7V0I
Victor Doggett, Zubir Said, and Seah Kian Peng.
The class assignment was to study about Georgette Chen, Alexander Wolters and Lai Kew Chai.
Eric Teo, Franklin Charles Gimson, and Teo-Koh Sock Miang.
Bratwurst, Tamago kake gohan, and Tonkatsu.
Chek Chai Long Chuen Temple, Biopolis Link, and Jalan Chichau.
SAFRA Game Haven
Lim Chin Siong, Chng Seok Tin, and Tan Tong Hye.
Madonna is dropping me off at Tanjong Rhu.
Lorong 1 Realty Park, Kellock Road, and Maxwell.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Judith Prakash and Neo Chwee Kok.
Sofitel So Hotel, Toh Tuck Road, and Circular Road.
Do you know where is Naumi Hotel?
Learning Lab, Dettol, and Aden.
Mediterranean Penne is a must-try.
at half past nine this evening
Pan Shou, Yeo Hoe Koon, and Corrinne May.
Hylam Street, Club Street, and Stirling Road.
Rickie, Hung, and Ova.
Where can I find the best prata ice-cream?
How far away is Montfort Junior School from here?
Kismis Road, Malay Language Centre of Singapore, and Diamond Hotel.
Mariam Walk, Hong San Terrace, and Bukit View.
A series of biographies about Lim Yew Hock, Ahmad Khan and Lee Cheng Yan was recently published.
9675 9748
Kamameshi, Lime Pickle, and Chorizo.
I am particular about my mutton soup.
Saina, Suppiah, and Peyush.
Show me the way to Amaris By Santika.
How many calories does a serving of bhindi masala have?
There are stories about Tay Bak Koi, Eleanor Wong and Paulin Tay Straughan in the database.
Maju Drive, Pavilion View, and Holland Green.
Is Zambia a great place to spend the summer holiday?
Bukit Pasoh Road, Upper Changi Road East, and West Coast Park.
Where is Gali Batu MRT Depot?
Tracey Tan, Ronald Susilo, and Han Guangwei.
9547 6314
lemak cili padi is a must-try.
Number sequence is T9287350V and date of birth is 12 May 1959.
WP, AETOS, and SOTA.
Eunos Avenue 8a
R. A. Hamid, Tung Yue Nang, and Chew Kheng Chuan.
QBread, Eaglehawk, and Obike.
Torrance, Eulah, and Tamie.
Carmelo, Roe, and Michale.
EJC, MINLAW, and CC.
Wade bought Salami for Harve.
Phan Ming Yen, Tan Thuan Heng, and Alfred Duff Cooper.
The people included in the list are Tung Chye Hong, Goh Qiu Bin and Teo-Koh Sock Miang.
GED, CSC, and PUB.
Find the fastest way to Chin Swee Service Centre.
3921 2629
Juthika Ramanathan, Ho Kah Leong, and Lorna Tan.
2,753,688
Which bus should I take to Upper Paya Lebar Underpass?
3661 2777
Habib Noh, Edmund Blundell, and Siti Khalijah.
Tell me the price of Lime Pickle.
Subhas Chandra Bose, Kevin Kwan, and Arasu.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Chempaka Puteh?
Show me the way to Tanglin Walk.
Karl recently opened a new Coriander Chutney restaurant.
It is faster to take the bus to Blair Road.
Zion Bishan Bible-Presbyterian Church, Berean Assembly of God Church, and Land Surveyors Board.
I like char kway teow very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on John Fraser and Haji Ya'acob bin Mohamed.
A. Ramli, Vincent Leow, and Khatijah Surattee.
6890 6341
Chew Kheng Chuan, Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir, and Edwin Tong Chun Fai.
You must try Salsa when you are here.
Ramen, Unadon, and Naengmyeon.
Number sequence is T9403721R and date of birth is 20 August 2017.
Krombacher, Noa Sleep, and SCS.
Su Guaning, Ahmad Jais, and Ang Yoke Mooi.
Chan Heng Chee, Chau Sik Ting, and B. N. Rao.
7QJUD4
Warren Fernandez, Tan Chan Boon, and J. Y. Pillay.
How do I get to Trinity Theological College?
sup kambing is a traditional local cuisine.
fried oyster is well-known in my hometown.
Bilahari Kausikan and Sandrasegaran Sidney Woodhull has met this person that I know of.
POSB, SP, and PUB.
Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara, Risotto, and Tekkadon.
2 5 8 1 6 6 4 0 8 7
Jalan Mendong, Amberwood Close, and Fowlie Road.
What are the landmarks near Mahabodhi Monastery?
Jakob is dropping me off at Minbu Road.
Papermarket, Calbee, and Unilever.
Do you know where is Kadayanallur Street?
Koby, Jamie, and Rhoda.
Sunshine
Bajaj, Sunglass Hut, and Toni & Guy.
Accucheck, KY jelly, and Sterimar.
Mohammad Nurrasyid Juraimi, Ahmad Mohamed Ibrahim, and Violet Oon.
Bani Haykal, Sunny Sia, and Sharon Wee.
I can't eat all of this sambal sotong.
quarter past three
Janine, Cristina, and Myrtle.
Addicts Anonymous, Acura, and Gold Kili.
Lee Wee Nam, Sng Choon Yee, and Owyang Chi.
Please tell me how to get to SAFTI Tower.
Vegetable Jalfrezi, Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze, and Dhokla.
What is San Jose famous for?
I am waiting for Crockett to come back from Hyde Park Gate.
Number sequence is S8376104S and date of birth is 01 July 1948.
Mckenna loves ku chai kuih.
I am waiting for Clarinda to come back from Goldhill View.
Jalan Chorak, Clementi Woods Park, and Blair Road.
Find the fastest way to Bethel Presbyterian Church.
Daryle bought Bratwurst for Carri.
Just Inn Pine
Seletar Airport, Buangkok East Drive, and Jalan Bunga Rampai.
Desmond Choo, Goh Keng Swee, and Vikram Nair.
I like Bibimbap very much.
Henderson Road, Penta Hotel, and Madrasah Aljunied Al-islamic School.
STS, SPC, and JTC.
Srinivasa, Mahatma, and Keeravani.
Tell me the price of milo.
Glen Goei, Denise Fletcher, and Kok Heng Leun.
Which bus should I take to Kampong Bukit Coffee Chinese Cemetery?
John Crawfurd, Shen Xi, and Intan Azura Mokhtar.
207,889
sireh, char siu, and kari lemak ayam.
Swettenham Green, Ibis Singapore on Bencoolen, and Orchard Shopping Centre.
What is the cheapest way to Tua Pek Kong Temple?
Reggie, Tex, and Bette.
Lim Chee Wai David, Fan Shao Hua, and Nissim Nassim Adis.
4 4 2 7 5 3 1 9 8 2
MKS Backpackers Hostel, Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau, and Siglap Avenue.
Loyang Besar Close, Matrix, and Fire Safety & Shelter Department.
This shop sells Onion Pakora.
air karthira, chrysanthemum fried garoupa, and ribena.
Terry Wong, Leslie Tay, and Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis.
Upper Hokkien Street, Lorong Puntong, and Sungei Bedok.
Blackmores is loved by its customers worldwide.
Ova is dropping me off at Keng Cheow Street.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Sheares Avenue?
How many calories does a serving of mushroom tofu have?
Theodocia, Retha, and Nettie.
Chartwell Drive, Newton Suites, and Downtown East.
LB47WE
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jurong East Central?
Fahmi, Adi, and Dollah.
Do you know how to cook kueh syara?
Nothing beats having asam pedas in the summer.
Mohan Singh
Please show me the way to Republic Polytechnic.
33,714
How long will it take to walk to Reflections at Keppel Bay?
MSF, HEB, and PMO.
Brooklynn recently opened a new frog leg soup restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Swiss School.
IC, DJ, and EMA.
Bundaberg, Prima, and GoPro.
How long will it take to walk to Jurong Wharf?
Chong Tze Chien, Chandran Nair, and Boey Chuan Poh.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Indranee Rajah, Rebecca Chua, and Hamed Ismail.
marmite pork ribs, milo, and orh nee.
Please tell me how to cook seafood congee.
I would like to travel to Nicaragua. What is the fastest way there?
It's about 55 minutes' walk to Kenanga Avenue.
Legal Service Commission, Yu Neng Primary School, and Harvester Assembly of God.
Winston Oh, Sultan Abdul Rahman, and Wang Gungwu.
Masala Dosa, Nanakusa-gayu, and Yakizakana.
Could you tell me the way to Woodlands Galaxy Community Club?
Agnes is dropping me off at Sandilands Road.
Kaki Bukit Avenue
Tan Kee Sek, Mak Lai Peng Christine, and Alex Abisheganaden.
Kheema is a traditional local cuisine.
Harichandra, Jo Marion Seow, and Chor Yeok Eng.
Number sequence is S0514397Z and date of birth is 06 November 1951.
Dimetapp Phenylephrine Liquid, Oracort E Triamcinolone Paste, and Kenhancer Ketoprofen Plaster.
Enjoy your seafood tom yum.
3 1 4 0 8 6 3 9 5 2
09 Feb. 1933 22:57:57
Yatiman Yusof, Ying E Ding, and Yong Pung How.
Iqbal, Khoo Sui Hoe, and Lucy Ratnammah Samuel.
6796 2525
Which bus should I take to Peng Kang Avenue?
So Pho, Kwan Loong, and Faber Castell.
Enjoy your Coriander Chutney.
Buell loves Risotto.
Changi Airport Terminal, Malan Road, and Fernhill Close.
V. Pakirisamy Pillai, Christopher Henry Rothwell and Wong Hong Suen are in the database.
Desmond Sim, Phoon Yew Tien, and Mohamed Rozani Maarof.
Marty recently opened a new kuay chap restaurant.
Yeo Kim Seng, Chen Sucheng, and Lee Hsien Yang.
Tsung Yeh, Lim Hng Kiang, and Kit Chan.
Ritchie, Lorelei, and Joana.
Ecco, Tom & Stephanie, and La Famiglia.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Kampong Java Tunnel?
Japchae, Kalguksu, and Taco Salad.
Koh Buck Song, Vincent Cheng, and Ang Peng Tiam.
Please tell me how to get to Essec Business School.
Andika, Intan, and Aina.
Find the fastest way to Goodwood Park Hotel.
Is there a Singapore embassy in Macau?
You must try shark's fin soup when you are here.
Alba, MOS burger, and Andre.
curry, seafood hor fun, and kway teow goreng.
Wayde, Ola, and Monique.
Sir Frank Swettenham, Lim Swee Say, and Lui Pao Chuen.
Select the fastest way to Swanage Road.
Barfi, Tom Kha Gai, and Teriyaki.
VJC, MOH, and SLA.
Air Asia
Kasih, Kartini, and Izzati.
I want to have a long stay in Havana. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about Lee Tjin, M. Karthigesu and Jeremy Monteiro in the class assignment.
Sophia Cooke, Goh Poh Seng, and Louis Chen.
Champion Way, SIA Building, and Fullerton Road.
Carrot Halwa, Risotto, and Barfi.
Manohar, Saina, and Kanwaljit.
Where can I find the best kueh talam tepong pandan?
John Le Cain, Anthony Chen, and Se Ve Shanmugam.
City Plaza
Chigenabe is very tasty.
Bukit Batok Street, Taman Warna, and Tong Tien Kung Temple.
Jamit Singh, Ragunathar Kanagasuntheram, and Neo Chwee Kok.
CAD, Kyat, and Pound.
Onkyo, YSL, and 3M.
Guntur, Anuar, and Hafsa.
Lee Man Fong, Henry Tan, and Ahmad Mattar.
2,623,342
You must try lemper ayam when you are here.
428,793
chai tow kuay, nasi lemak, and matcha red bean shaved ice.
Balam Road, Prince Road, and Woodlands Centre Road.
How far away is Pemimpin Drive from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Helen Gilbey, Bey Soo Khiang and Lim Peng Han!
It's about 49 minutes' walk to Mitraa Inn.
Number sequence is S6452310P and date of birth is 21 November 1987.
Please look for Ryley when you reach Park Villas Green.
Rosina bought rojak for Liberty.
Where can I get cheap food in Banjul?
It is faster to take the bus to Qing Yun Combined Temple.
This shop sells paru.
8 9 9 4 4 6 7 1 0 0
Faridah Hanum, Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir, and Goh Sin Tub.
Dunearn Close, Jalan Kechil, and Yan Kit Road.
Hermes, Krombacher, and Tesla.
Show me the best hotels in Tirana.
Erik, Kellan, and Isobel.
What is the fastest way to Terrasse Lane?
White soft paraffin, Cleanz plus, and Furtere Paris.
Talma Road, Yuan Ching Road, and Jalan Batalong.
Dev, Koratala, and Peyush.
Lei Yin Temple
I am waiting for Kalie to come back from Jalan Pakis.
Safiya, Khatijah, and Diyana.
Merlion Walk, Jalan Bintang Tiga, and Telok Blangah Rise.
Katsudon, Yaki soba, and Lasagne.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Muhammad Ariff Ahmad, Rosaline Soon and Paul Abisheganaden.
Eu Yee Ming Richard, Charles Edward Faber, and Zhou Can.
9385 0909
Leslie recently opened a new Sekihan restaurant.
Chan Ah Kow, Paine Eric, and Edmund William Barker.
Freshkon, Europace, and First Lady.
I knew a person who has met both Corrinne May and Tay Kheng Soon.
Hartinah Ahmad, Manasseh Meyer, and Lim Leong Geok.
Ahmad Jais, Chong Heman, and Tan Kian Por.
Just Inn Pine, Chencharu Lane, and Jalan Raja Wali.
Subhas Chandra Bose, Kuo Pao Kun, and Goh Rui Si Theresa.
Phoenix, Tan Si Chong Su, and Bedok.
How much is Chaat Papri?
Number sequence is T6058479R and date of birth is 21 February 2024.
Pregain, Enervon, and Sitz bath.
There is a food court selling Bratwurst behind Mariela's house.
Arman, Mima, and Goldia.
27CBSM
Tai Seng Avenue, Jalan Haji Alias, and Jalan Jati.
sireh, fried chicken, and acar.
Number sequence is S6043785E and date of birth is 16 December 2010.
Nothing beats having dosa in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Second Chin Bee Road?
I am meeting Santa at Lighthouse Evangelism first.
How long does it take to get to Tan Kim Cheng Road by taxi?
its half past one
SGH, DJ, and GV.
Does marshmallow cheesecake taste good?
Yeo Wei Wei, Brigadier Ivan Simson, and Lim Chuan Poh.
kue lupis is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Pretoria.
Yaw Shin Leong, Leslie Kee, and Nicholas Ee.
I can't eat all of this Salami.
Where is Bukit Panjang Road?
Mugi meshi, Sauerkraut, and Jokbal.
860th
Anchorvale Crescent, Jalan Hari Raya, and Singapore Air Traffic Control Centre.
This is the best red tortoise steamed cake that I can find.
What is the distance to Jalan Mesin?
kueh syara, garlic pork and pork floss with brinjal, and fried scallop.
What are the landmarks near Countryside Walk?
Constance Mary Turnbull, K. F. Seetoh, and Cheo Kim Ban.
Evelyn Lip, Chan Ah Kow, and Robert Fullerton.
Alu Matar is well-known in my hometown.
Boey Chuan Poh, Gregory Yong, and Gu Juan.
Tan Seng Poh, Arasu, and Goh Guan Siew.
Kismis Green, Raffles Country Club, and Orchid Drive.
Tan I Tong, David Kwo, and John Hitchcock.
Institute of Engineers Singapore, Jalan Dondang Sayang, and Gerald Terrace.
PZS17C
This is the best garlic naan that I can find.
Nikujaga, Taco Salad, and Katsu Tendon.
Luciana, Sabrina, and Saul.
How far away is Brighton Community Church from here?
Please show me the way to Eurasian Association of Singapore.
kuih rengas is a must-try.
Chia Kwek Fah, Jimmy Chok, and Olivia Lum.
How long does it take to get to Holland Grove Lane by taxi?
mee pok, kuih talam tepong pandan, and mushroom tofu.
How do I get to Labrador Nature Reserve?
Number sequence is S1706583P and date of birth is 20 December 2024.
8866 7584
Please look for Parley when you reach Simei Avenue.
Bernard Tan, Ye Shufang, and Austen Ong.
Kylah loves durian.
3852 9959
Charles Dyce, Desmond Choo, and Theresa Noronha.
I am meeting Art at Yio Chu Kang Road first.
What is the cheapest way to Fernvale Crescent?
Tan Sin Aun, Ho Kwon Ping, and Shui Tit Sing.
What are the landmarks near National Museum?
Nothing beats having Udon in the summer.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Gapis.
Can I take the MRT to Cashew Terrace?
Yee Chia Hsing, Kam Kee Yong, and Alfred Frisby.
Xu Yuan Zhen, Lim Chee Wai David, and Tan Keong Saik.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Kuo Chuan Presbyterian?
Jack Daniel's, The Closet Lover, and Ace Brainery.
Rena, Orlo, and Erik.
Please show me the way to Yunnan Crescent.
By using names such as Edwin Brown, Rosaline Soon and Chao Hick Tin -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Nan Hua High School, Sunbird Avenue, and Senoko Crescent.
Can I take the MRT to Mandarin Oriental?
Number sequence is S9321456O and date of birth is 02 February 1988.
Budd, Edythe, and Amaya.
Which Peptamen product is the best-selling?
Nutrisoy, Herbal Essences, and Royal Umbrella.
8058th
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Limau Manis?
I am meeting Miesha at Fuk Tak Chi Museum first.
Select the fastest way to Tronoh Road.
07 May 1931 15:49:07
Minestrone, Nanakusa-gayu, and Unagi.
Vermicelli, Okayu, and Katsu Tendon.
American Tourister
There is a food court selling salted egg yolk sotong behind Erlinda's house.
Could you tell me the way to Historic House of Boys' Brigade?
Where can I find a shop that sells Obimin?
I would like to visit Czechia.
I am waiting for Lonzo to come back from Taman Siglap.
Please look for Erasmo when you reach Minto Road.
31 Oct. 1932 00:40:08
How many calories does a serving of Chana Masala have?
How long does it take to get to Royal India Hotel by taxi?
Eric Low, Danaraj, and Irene Khong.
kueh lupis, sweet and sour prawns, and chai kuih.
Where is Mandai Lake?
Accucheck, Propass, and Vagisil.
This is the best Alu Gobi that I can find.
The Windsor, Marketing Institute of Singapore, and Leonie Studio.
Please tell me how to cook Chicken Pasta.
ginger onions pork, muruku, and telur dadah.
Lambeth Walk, Pasir Ris Polyclinic, and Ash Grove.
Fang Guixiang, Tan Swie Hian, and William Tan.
Can I take a bus to PPT Lodge 1A?
How long will it take to walk to Tanglin Walk?
The Metropolitan Condominium, Canberra Walk, and Countryside View.
What is the distance to Four Seasons Hotel?
Select the fastest way to Jalan Dondang Sayang.
soursop is a traditional local cuisine.
nasi goreng seafood, yam talam, and kueh lapis.
This shop sells fishball noodle.
Can I take a bus to Queen Astrid Park?
Jalan Novena, Sloane Court Hotel, and Springleaf Nature Park.
Anika, Helena, and Geraldo.
I like tahu goreng very much.
Where can I find the best Lamb Vindaloo?
Cleanz plus is having a discount.
Giancarlo, Lilla, and Claudia.
1 6 2 9 8 5 6 4 9 0
There is a food court selling Pad Thai behind Ahmed's house.
Kuo Pao Kun, Lam Pin Min and Percival Frank Aroozoo? You are not familiar with these names?
LTA Academy, Jalan Sungei, and Marine Parade Christian Centre.
Logan, Vic, and Bridgette.
yao cai ji tang, nasi pattaya, and sop kambing.
There is a food court selling ketupat behind Jeri's house.
It's about 56 minutes' walk to Poi Ching School.
Georgeann, Valorie, and Augustina.
sup kambing is very tasty.
Ebenezer, Chester, and Orvel.
Leitha bought Naengmyeon for Eli.
Kuik Swee Boon, Balraj Gopal, and Prabhakara Jimmy Quek.
Can I take the MRT to Kerbau Hotel?
Do you know how to cook char siu?
Nell loves Tekkadon.
Jules, Tiesha, and Cicero.
How much is nasi sambal goreng?
Ras Malai, Takikomi gohan, and Tenmusu.
mee sua, kueh kemboja, and singapore sling.
Does Vegetable Jalfrezi taste good?
GT9VBN
The class assignment was to study about Lee Boon Yang, Tan Soo Khoon and Michael Olcomendy.
Koeh Sia Yong, Lim Loh Huat, and Pang Teck Joon.
Chicken Paprikas, Chicken Tikka, and Hiyashi chuka.
Roberts Lane, The Salvation Army, and Teck Whye Walk.
Enjoy your kueh ubi kayu.
Peter Lee, Kang Siong Joo, and Low Siew Nghee.
Clare is dropping me off at Sembawang Hills Drive.
PSB Academy at Delta, Grand Park Orchard, and Sundridge Park Road.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Hartinah Ahmad and Ng Woon Lam.
Poh Ming Tse Temple, MacPherson MRT Station, and Kheng Chiu Happy Lodge.
Do you know where is Jupiter Road?
Pedigree, Bargo, and Tiffany & Co..
Kamameshi is a must-try.
round about nine PM this evening
Lee Khoon Choy, Koh Bee Tuan Joyce, and Natalie Hennedige.
Personal Data Protection Commission, Parbury Avenue, and Paya Lebar Close.
Gretta, Amara, and Arvel.
Where can I find the best rawon?
How far away is Conrad International Hotel Singapore from here?
Rivervale Close, China Street, and Shangri-La Hotel.
United Overseas Bank Plaza Two, Tangmere Road, and Four Points By Sheraton.
A series of biographies about S. Iswaran, Omar Ali and Shanti Pereira was recently published.
9641 9884
Ida Simmons, Lee Cheng Yan, and Desmond Choo.
Chaat Papri, Carrot Halwa, and Tacos.
I am particular about my pecel lele.
Anand, Jayaprakash, and Pradip.
Show me the way to Lengkok Tujoh.
How many calories does a serving of kueh bugis have?
There are stories about Walter Woon, Paul Tan Kim Liang and Tony Tan Keng Yam in the database.
Superb Hostel, Loyang Avenue, and Jago Close.
I am looking for a tour around Botswana.
Singapore Yacht Club, Jalan Limau Bali, and Kian Teck Dormitory.
Richard Tay Tian Hoe, Wen Jinhua, and Ahmad Mohamed Ibrahim.
8501 7255
chicken feet is a must-try.
Number sequence is T7031958I and date of birth is 30 May 1929.
TRANSCOM, SQ, and TP.
Kew Avenue
Bai Yan, Tan Chin Tuan, and M. Saffri A. Manaf.
Jetstar, Wingstop, and Tiffany & Co..
Perri, Kristy, and Hilma.
Tammie, Rylan, and Gennie.
HSA, OCBC, and PAP.
Soren bought salted egg calamari for Lisle.
Austen Ong, Edwy Lyonet Talma, and Robert Black.
The people included in the list are Bai Yan, Sophia Blackmore and Lui Pao Chuen.
MFA, CPIB, and NYP.
Find the fastest way to Hwa Chong Boarding School.
3579 7603
Han Sai Por, Runme Shaw, and Eu Kong.
47,395
Which bus should I take to Greenwood Grove?
6761 0444
Low Sanmay, David Wilson, and Ip Yiu Tung.
Low Kim Pong, Cecil Clementi Smith, and Lucy Ratnammah Samuel.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near National University of Singapore Museums?
Show me the way to Foch Road.
Beatriz recently opened a new Sekihan restaurant.
It is faster to take the bus to Compassvale Primary School.
I like kueh bakar pandan very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Richard Tay Tian Hoe and Tan Tee Suan.
Sun Xueling, Ang Teck Bee, and James Puthucheary.
6730 8090
POP, URA, and CDC.
Du Nanfa, Moulavi Babu Sahib, and Robet Carr Woods, Senior.
You must try Maili Kofta when you are here.
Downy, Delsey, and Anlene.
Tom Kha Gai, Gyoza, and Caramelized Maui Onion Dip.
I am particular about my kuih syara.
Do you know how to cook Gulab Jamun?
Norothy Ng, Lancelot Maurice Pennefather, and Al Lim.
Adan Jimenez, Matthew Ngui, and Bashir Ahmad Mallal.
Eugene Chen, Eng Boh Kee, and Khor Ean Ghee.
How do I get to Rhu Cross?
sugar cane juice is a traditional local cuisine.
kuih dadar is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook boiled abalone soup.
Stanley Toft Stewart and Sultan Abdul Rahman has met this person that I know of.
Chomel, Shiseido, and Sticky.
MOF, CSI, and EZ-LINK.
Sekihan, Japchae, and Fugu.
2 7 1 8 2 1 3 9 7 9
Ang Chee Sia Ong Temple, Anchorvale Crescent, and Palais Renaissance.
What are the landmarks near Mar Thoma Syrian Church?
Wilbert is dropping me off at The Beacon.
UIC, Haruma, and Toshiba.
Do you know where is SAF Ferry Terminal & Jetty?
Lorene, Jasmin, and Wilhelmina.
Jelapang
Guess, Laneige, and Dough Culture.
Manicare, Ketoconazole shampoo, and Dermale.
Adrin Loi, Anne Wong Holloway, and Lui Hah Wah Elena.
Andrew Phang, Kamsari Salam, and Cheng Tsang Man.
Cinnamon, Anton, and Jessi.
Goh Eng Wah, Xiu Fang, and Yee Chia Hsing.
Please look for Elzada when you reach Thong Soon Green.
Please tell me how to get to Jalan Belibas.
Quesadillas, Chaat Papri, and Pretzel.
I would like to have a look around Kingstown.
spinach with triple egg is very tasty.
I am waiting for Hoyt to come back from Kim Seng CC.
Number sequence is T7152498M and date of birth is 16 September 2003.
Do you know where is Peck Hay Road?
Yip Cheong Fun, Khoo Cheng Tiong, and Liang Eng Hwa.
Killian loves Wasabi.
I am waiting for Delilah to come back from Balmeg Hill.
Fajar Shopping Centre, Loyang Industrial Park, and A*STAR Graduate Academy.
Find the fastest way to Jalan Chorak.
Margeret bought mee siam for Tab.
Dunman Secondary School
Rebecca Chua, Azman Abdullah, and Henry Nicholas Ridley.
I like Gyros very much.
Yong Siak Street, Yishun Street, and Joo Koon.
CCL, PTC, and AWOL.
Iswaran, Indira, and Shashi.
Tell me the price of traditional sponge cake.
Lee Khoon Choy, Wan Kam Fook, and Er Kwong Wah.
Which bus should I take to First Toa Payoh?
Ang Yau Choon, Thomas Braddell, and Koh Hoon Teck.
455,774
mee goreng, chicken rice, and pandan cake.
Park Lane, Tan Sim Boh Road, and Kampong Ubi Driving Test Centre.
Faron, Erich, and Jenni.
Eric Low, Ho Ho Ying, and Neo Ah Luan.
0 3 3 1 7 4 4 1 5 7
Betadine is a well-known brand.
Deyi Secondary School, Bridport Avenue, and Chepstow Close.
Anderson Secondary School, Holland Heights, and Lorong Melukut.
Sultan Abdul Rahman, Intan Azura Mokhtar, and George Quek.
Sri Krishnan Temple, Jambol Place, and Tai Hwan Crescent.
What products does Selsun have?
Shaylee is dropping me off at The Moral Home for Disabled.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Goodwood Hill?
How many calories does a serving of kuih kasturi have?
Lauryn, Lovell, and Jefferson.
Sireh Place, Mandai Estate, and T1 VIP Drive.
C9X5LU
Are there food courts or restaurants near The Changi Museum?
Nadia, Syafiqah, and Firash.
Tan Jiak Kim, Vincent Leow, and Foo Tee Jun.
Do you know how to cook saltish beancurd?
milo, tumpeng, and sam lau.
Nothing beats having kari lemak ayam in the summer.
Bata
Please show me the way to Terror Sea Scouts.
82,145
How long will it take to walk to Jalan Satu?
What are the best places to see in Seychelles?
KK, SPORTSG, and AGC.
Samson recently opened a new cheng tng restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Senja.
NTUC, MRT, and NAFA.
Jack Daniel's, Ya Kun, and Lotto.
How long will it take to walk to Dunearn Close?
T. Kulasekaram, Choo Hwee Lim, and Ernest Monteiro.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Liu Peihe, Tao Li, and Esther Tan.
Jean Tay, Lim Chin Siong, and Chen Zhiming.
fried bun, mushroom tofu, and pig organ soup.
Please tell me how to cook soto ayam.
Is Saint Vincent and the Grenadines a nice place?
It's about 14 minutes' walk to Stagmont Camp.
The Midtown, Soon Wing Road, and Maju Drive.
Mardan Mamat, Lim Wee Kiak and Santokh Singh Grewal? Are you not familiar with these names?
Lee Hoon Leong, Lim Bo Seng, and Ong Koh Bee.
Medu Vada, Jokbal, and Chana Dal.
Could you tell me the way to Lai Ming Hotel Cosmoland?
Lotus Avenue
Bernice Ong, Sunny Sia, and Davinder Singh.
Mount Vernon Road, Newater Visitor Centre, and Jalan Tani.
Banh Mi is a traditional local cuisine.
Lim Boon Keng, Lai Kew Chai, and Lee Hee Seng.
Number sequence is T6325897W and date of birth is 26 November 1985.
Loceryl Amorolfine Medicated Nail Lacquer, Nasacort AQ Triamcinolone Acetonide Nasal Spray, and Fluimucil Acetylcysteine Effervescent Tablets.
8755 0786
Enjoy your butter sotong.
9 1 8 9 1 0 4 5 7 6
19 Jul. 1950 22:02:16
Atin Amat, Lee Seng Wee, and Michael Olcomendy.
William Shellabear, Grace Fu, and Audra Morrice.
3887 5586
Which bus should I take to Ratus Road?
Skippy, Don Don Donki, and Timberland.
Enjoy your Chaat Papri.
Valarie loves Naan.
Bishan Public Library, Temasek Boulevard, and Ren Ci Community Hospital.
John Fearns Nicoll, Lim Yau and Eric Low are in the database.
J. Y. Pillay, Gao Ning, and Tan Kheam Hock.
Vallie recently opened a new Carrot Halwa restaurant.
Hamid Supaat, Adnan Saidi, and Chin Harn Tong.
Tan Seng Poh, Raymond Anthony Fernando, and Jacques de Coutre.
Shelbie, Jerrell, and Jamiya.
Michael Trio, The Shilla, and Freshkon.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Masjid An-Nahdhah?
Katsudon, Masoor Dal, and Bratwurst.
Phoon Yew Tien, Tan Soo Khoon, and Atin Amat.
Please tell me how to get to Chesed-El Synagogue.
Nura, Kasih, and Ahad.
Number sequence is T6275934Y and date of birth is 05 November 2023.
Find the fastest way to Tuas.
How about a tour in Liechtenstein?
You must try rawon when you are here.
Farmland, Onkyo, and Diamond Days.
Oishi, Chipster, and Mobot.
fried grouper, nasi ambeng, and keropok.
Janna, Jarrad, and Rillie.
Perumal Govindaswamy, Loke Yew, and Edwin Thumboo.
Select the fastest way to Chinatown Hotel.
Tom Yam Goong, Jajangmyeon, and Oden.
CRA, SPC, and SMC.
Nadia, Amirul, and Melur.
What are the best restaurants in Belmopan?
We studied about Yeo Kim Seng, Chen Kezhan Henri and Andre Filipe Desker in the class assignment.
Does sweet and sour calamari taste good?
Liang Wenfu, Lloyd Valberg, and Goi Seng Hui.
Penang Road, Galilee Bible Presbyterian Church, and Apex Day Care Centre.
Lime Pickle, Samosa, and Chaat Papri.
Neelam, Pingali, and Ramdev.
Where can I find the best kueh lopes?
Charles Emmerson, Tanya Chua, and Violet Oon.
Hun Yeang Road
Gobchang gui is very tasty.
Lincoln Road, Lengkong Tiga, and Claymore Hill.
I am particular about my Saag Paneer.
Ong Ah Hoi, Iskandar Jalil, and Wong Tuang Seng.
Rupiah, Bitcoin, and franc.
Dilmah, Chipster, and Boost.
I am meeting Bertina at Townsville Primary School first.
Putera, Yasmin, and Zafran.
You must try spinach with triple egg when you are here.
1,169,334
rempeyek, onion thosai, and stir fry beef with ginger onions.
Bugis Street, Jalan Lima, and Clementi Town.
How far away is Bishan Public Library from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Lee Ek Tieng, Han Yong May and Ang Teck Bee!
It's about 37 minutes' walk to Jamiyah Nursing Home.
Number sequence is S9275863W and date of birth is 19 January 1954.
Please look for Elzada when you reach Tanah Merah Kechil Ridge.
Lorine bought Teriyaki for Karlee.
Where can I get cheap food in Luanda?
It is faster to take the bus to Chen Lien Bible Seminary.
This shop sells pork rib soup.
3 5 4 6 1 2 8 1 7 6
Woon Wah Siang, Chuang Hsueh-Fang, and Ron Wong.
Duchess Walk, Centre for Liveable Cities, and Sennett Road.
Lenas, Gap, and Hacks.
Show me the best hotels in Malabo.
Roxana, Hugo, and Alferd.
What is the fastest way to Andrews Terrace?
Cartigain, Enzyplex, and Enervon.
What is the distance to Wolskel Road?
Clementi Loop, Swissotel Merchant Court, and Yio Chu Kang Terrace.
Vinoba, Sundramoorthy, and Gouthu.
Duxton Hill
I am waiting for Salvatore to come back from Internal Security Department.
Farish, Aizat, and Ayu.
Changi South Avenue, Sri Lankaramaya Temple, and Hwee San Temple.
Tom Yam Goong, Banh Mi, and Samgeyopsal.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Ravinder Singh, Desmond Sim and Fang Guixiang.
William Flint, C. C. Tan, and Mah Li Lian.
8746 0866
Maleah recently opened a new roasted duck rice restaurant.
Rahimah Rahim, Thomas Shelford, and Wendy Hutton.
FBT, Audi, and Bevy C..
I knew a person who has met both Chua Poh Leng and Melissa Kwee.
Hedwig Anuar, Juliana Yasin, and Jim Lim.
Lee Shao Meng, Marie Ethel Bong, and Harry Ord.
Yin Foh Kuan Cemetery, Eunos Avenue 8a, and Lorong Tukol.
Leslie Charteris, Ang Chwee Chai, and Kelly Tang.
House of Tan Yeok Nee, Kim Chuan Light Industrial Estate, and DBS Building.
How much is Tandoori Chicken?
Number sequence is T9746082Z and date of birth is 15 August 1986.
Tell me the price of black pepper chicken.
Ezerra, Nutren, and Blackmores.
There is a food court selling mee soto behind Patti's house.
Randall, Graves, and Petra.
JMGTX7
Fullerton Square, Ampang Walk, and U8 Hostel.
png tao, kueh lopes, and jian dui.
Number sequence is T7395140E and date of birth is 05 October 1980.
Nothing beats having kway teow goreng in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Registry of Muslim Marriages?
I am meeting Rozella at Ascott Singapore first.
How long does it take to get to Newton Life Church by taxi?
on the morning of the fifteenth
WITS, DSTA, and ORD.
Does roti john taste good?
Lim Bo Seng, John Turnbull Thomson, and Ariff Bongso.
nasi goreng daging merah is well-known in my hometown.
I want to have a look around London. Please guide me.
Iau Kuo Kwong Robert, Rama Kannabiran, and Loh Ah Chee.
Where is South Beach South Tower?
Ratatouille, Nanakusa-gayu, and Lime Pickle.
Lucky View, Port Master's Office, and Mori Hostel.
This is the best peanut paste that I can find.
What is the distance to Kiichener Link?
salted egg prawns, mushroom beancurd, and ayam penyet.
What are the landmarks near Loyang Avenue?
Lee Huei Min, Simon Chua, and Lynnette Seah.
Neo Ah Luan, Alfian Sa'at, and Seah Liang Seah.
Coriander Chutney is well-known in my hometown.
Lim Nang Seng, Sophia Cooke, and Perumal Govindaswamy.
How much is hokkien mee?
Tan Eng Joo, Billy Koh, and Alex Josey.
King's Drive, Digby Road, and Peck Seah Street.
Lau Teng Chuan, Ahmad Daud, and Wong Meng Voon.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Kloof Road?
Kaki Bukit Place, Limau Terrace, and Zion Road.
F2X6L0
This is the best yam talam that I can find.
Carrot Halwa, Carbonara, and Gobchang gui.
How far away is Lim Chu Kang Road from here?
Please show me the way to Madrasah Wak Tanjong Al-islamiah.
popiah seafood is a must-try.
18Chef, Knockout, and Yuri.
Montague William Pett, Teo-Koh Sock Miang, and Robert Ibbetson.
How long does it take to get to Florissa Park by taxi?
pig's organ soup, seafood hor fun, and ya kun kaya toast.
How do I get to Kim Keat Road?
Number sequence is S1452980J and date of birth is 26 July 1947.
8923 8423
Please look for Shiela when you reach Jalan Limbok.
Ho Poh Fun, Yeo Kim Seng, and Pan Shou.
Nanette loves garlic naan.
3036 4119
Brigadier Ivan Simson, Felix Cheong, and Yeo Chee Kiong.
I am meeting Lucy at Red Swastika School first.
What is the cheapest way to Institute for Adult Learning?
Goh Chiew Lye, Eric Neo, and Devan Nair.
What are the landmarks near Sembawang Shopping Centre?
Nothing beats having Carbonara in the summer.
Show me the way to Far Horizon Gardens.
How do I get to Gillman Heights?
It is faster to take the bus to Yishun Close.
Can I take the MRT to Tyersall Road?
T. Kulasekaram, Howe Yoon Chong, and Foo Mee Har.
Phey Yew Kok, Zai Kuning, and Chua Nam Hai.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Clover Rise?
HTC, Domino Pizza, and Makeup Forever.
Aracely, Montie, and Debera.
By using names such as Lim Nang Seng, Meira Chand and Catherine Lim -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Unity, Carmichael Road, and La Salle Street.
Can I take the MRT to Good News Baptist Church?
Number sequence is S7926538G and date of birth is 23 June 1957.
Jayson, Tayla, and Ami.
Which Pansy product is the best-selling?
Acuvue, Honda, and Bluedio.
1108th
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Mesra?
I am meeting Kory at The Arte @ Thomson first.
Select the fastest way to Super 8 Hotel.
29 May 2020 10:10:50
Masoor Dal, Chigenabe, and Tortillas.
Kimchi jjigae, Nikujaga, and Alu Matar.
Jalan Sentosa
There is a food court selling Jokbal behind Jedediah's house.
Hugh Charles Clifford, Dollah Kassim, and Peter Lee.
Could you tell me the way to Hume Avenue?
Where can I find a shop that sells Emulsying ointment?
What can I do in Saint Lucia?
I am waiting for Matilde to come back from Marsiling Crescent.
Please look for Lazaro when you reach Sri Siva Krishna Temple.
11 Jul. 1943 05:07:27
How many calories does a serving of Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze have?
How long does it take to get to Percival Road by taxi?
Henry Nicholas Ridley, Amy Van, and Wong Lin Ken.
Where is Bo Tien Temple?
Peptamen, Growell, and Avene.
This is the best Hiyashi chuka that I can find.
Jalan Rama Rama, Upper Toh Tuck Terrace, and Citylights.
Please tell me how to cook Gobchang gui.
Growell, Hospicare, and Emulsying ointment.
yao cai bak kut teh, hainanese curry rice, and epok epok.
Jalan Rukam, Crane Road, and Andrews Avenue.
Gu Juan, Xi Ni Er, and Ng Li Chin.
Can I take a bus to Changi South Lane?
How long will it take to walk to SAFRA Punggol?
Orchard Plaza, Soon Wing Road, and Street and Building Names Board.
What is the distance to Dover Rise?
Select the fastest way to Cantonment Complex.
kuih lopes is a traditional local cuisine.
appam, gong-gong, and chai tow kuay.
This shop sells char siew bao.
Can I take a bus to Singapore Institute of International Affairs?
Community Mediation Centre, Shipyard Crescent, and Clover Way.
Estela, Lauri, and Terrence.
soya beancurd, chicken rice, and chin chow grass jelly.
I like sweet and sour deep fried fish very much.
Where can I find the best Takikomi gohan?
What can I use Pansy for?
Aura, Plummer, and Arminda.
5 5 1 7 4 0 2 3 1 3
There is a food court selling Dhokla behind Davante's house.
Al Lim, Chan Kim Boon and Wong Hong Suen? You are not familiar with these names?
Jalan Leban, Holland Village Shopping Mall, and Jalan Besut.
Court Road, Eunos Terrace, and Taman Nakhoda.
Fiona, Laurette, and Valerie.
Tell me the price of Fettuccine Alfredo.
Ken Seet, Sat Pal Khattar, and Evelyn Lip.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Civil & Criminal Justice Division?
Show me the way to Greenview Crescent.
Shanita recently opened a new Chicken Paprikas restaurant.
Xiaomi, Marmite, and X-Craft.
It is faster to take the bus to Everton Park.
Mackenzie Road, Jalan Kapal, and JEM.
I like prata bawang very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Chua Phung Kim and Mohamed Taha Haji Jamil.
Saiedah Said, Edwin Thumboo, and S. R. Nathan.
3964 3712
RJC, PWD, and CJC.
Teo Ho Pin, Loh Sin Yun, and Zubir Said.
You must try Onigiri when you are here.
Nandos, 4Fingers Crispy Chicken, and Esso.
Panang Curry, Beef Vindaloo, and Bratwurst.
Number sequence is S1068975K and date of birth is 09 October 2016.
I am particular about my curry chicken drumstick.
Do you know how to cook Yaki udon?
Kinohimitsu, Balina, and Wingstop.
Khoo Oon Teik, Sumiko Tan, and Joseph Balestier.
Ashoka, Mahan, and Chanda.
Lim Thean Soo, Tanya Chua, and Ida Simmons.
EFK4YS
Madhavi Krishnan, Koh Seow Chuan, and Chew Hock Leong.
How do I get to Cheang Hong Lim Place?
pandan cake is a traditional local cuisine.
chicken satay is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook salted egg prawns.
Loh Choo Kiat Robert and Bernard Tan has met this person that I know of.
Studioline, Pureen, and LG.
PDI, SBF, and IMDA.
Kushikatsu, Oden, and Chicken Paprikas.
9 3 8 0 2 7 8 4 6 9
Tagore Industrial Estate, Lorong Tukol, and Commissioner for the Maintenance of Parents.
What are the landmarks near Limau Walk?
Clemmie is dropping me off at Hilton Singapore.
Andre, Stalford Learning, and Samsung.
Do you know where is Andrews Avenue?
Lela, Edythe, and Diego.
Wittering Road
Build A Bear, Kodak, and Paik's Bibim.
Urea cream, Panadol, and Oppo.
William Farquhar, Chan Soh Ha, and John Morrice.
Chua Thian Poh, Henn Tan, and Lee Hoon Leong.
I can't eat all of this blackcurrant pork ribs.
last sunday
Wall's, Brotzeit, and Venus Beauty.
Joanna Wong Quee Heng, J. B. Jeyaretnam, and Sonny Liew.
Please look for Bernice when you reach Raffles Boulevard.
Please tell me how to get to Ironside Link.
Unadon, Medu Vada, and Bratwurst.
Mogadishu is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
hati ayam is very tasty.
I am waiting for Kayley to come back from Jurong Gateway Road.
Number sequence is T0218946Q and date of birth is 05 April 1935.
Do you know where is One Raffles Quay South Tower?
Maliki Osman, Yao Zi, and Jeremy Monteiro.
Avon loves Risotto.
I am waiting for Kaleb to come back from Adam Road Presbyterian Church.
Concord Primary School, Bukit Merah Central Post Office, and Grand Imperial Hotel.
Find the fastest way to Bukit Batok.
Selena bought Agedashi dofu for Frazier.
Lorong Ampas
Bukit View, Toh Tuck Walk, and Commonwealth Drive.
Chan Kum Wah Roy, Raymond Anthony Fernando, and Felix Cheong.
I like Korokke very much.
Rhu Cross, Pasir Ris View, and Mount Sophia.
SAJC, GRC, and GV.
Tell me the price of mooncake.
Braema Mathi, Amrin Amin, and Zhou Ying Nan.
Which bus should I take to Telok Blangah Green?
Tan Beng Swee, Edwin Tessensohn, and Ee Boon Kong Henry.
544
sweet and sour sotong, popiah, and lobster porridge.
East Coast Road, BudgetOne Hotel, and Jalan Belangkas.
What is the fastest way to Jalan Ulu Seletar?
Bryton, Brionna, and Lucetta.
Lambert, Yeo Tiam Siew, and Lim Chwee Chian.
3 2 6 1 6 5 3 9 0 8
Ego sunsense is a well-known brand.
Yew Tee, Esplanade Jetty, and Lorong Kismis.
Choa Chu Kang Road, One'l5 Marina Club One, and University Town.
This shop sells Makchang gui.
Registry of Societies, Ewart Park, and Jalan Tenteram.
hum chim peng, sambal kangkong, and sugar cane juice.
Godwin Koay, Cindy Sim, and Lloyd Valberg.
Green Haven, Geylang East Avenue, and Marine Environment and Safety Department.
What products does Pregain have?
Chelsi is dropping me off at Foo Hai Ch'an Monastery.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near UMC Dormitory?
How many calories does a serving of herbal egg have?
Inez, Javion, and Lavon.
Emmanuel Evangelical Free Church, SIM University, and Cityscape @ Farrer Park.
QHJ58S
Are there food courts or restaurants near Cleantech Height?
Aisyah, Jebat, and Farah.
Lee Li Hui, K. Shanmugam, and Almahdi Al-Haj Ibrahim.
Do you know how to cook nasi goreng ayam?
lor mee, dark chocolate dipped churro, and stir fry chicken with ginger onions.
Nothing beats having pig's brain soup in the summer.
Lenovo
Please show me the way to Sea Breeze Grove.
998,213
How long will it take to walk to Moonlight Home for the Aged & Handicapped?
I am thinking of visiting Tajikistan. Can you go with me?
MINLAW, GRC, and NPARKS.
Landan recently opened a new kuih syara restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Nutmeg Road.
CDC, COE, and CIS.
Makeup Forever, Kotex, and Fab.
How long will it take to walk to Angora Close?
Violet Oon, Patrick Tay Teck Guan, and Sai Hua Kuan.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Magdalene Khoo, Yeo Kim Seng, and Yeo Yeow Kwang.
Leo Hee Tong, Lee Bee Wah, and Zhu Xu.
fish head curry, kuih rengas, and ginger onions chicken.
Please tell me how to cook teh c.
Where should I go in Sierra Leone?
It's about 45 minutes' walk to Broadway Hotel.
Chin Bee Drive, Police National Service Department, and Jurong Central.
Wykidd Song, Jek Yeun Thong and Habib Noh? Are you not familiar with these names?
Kamameshi, Mugi meshi, and Banh Mi.
Could you tell me the way to Keramat Road?
Jefferey is dropping me off at Gul Street.
Yumin Primary School
Jek Yeun Thong, Tan Boo Liat, and Teo Chee Hean.
Marine Parade Fire Post, Samsung Hub, and Windsor Park Hill.
Nachos is a traditional local cuisine.
Lee Seng Gee, Osman Zailani, and Woon Tai Ho.
Number sequence is T9615840O and date of birth is 05 November 1953.
Gyno-Travogen Isoconazole Nitrate Ovule, Mecobalamin Vitamin B12 Capsules, and Colimix Dicyclomine Syrup.
8966 2385
Enjoy your sweet and sour pork.
1 3 0 4 1 0 8 5 8 7
21 Nov. 1930 18:04:02
Amy Khor, M. Balakrishnan, and Manasseh Meyer.
Gordon Arthur Ransome, Robert Tan Jee Keng, and Nicholas Ee.
6526 5017
Which bus should I take to Pan Pacific Orchard?
IT Show, Polar, and Amazon.
Enjoy your Minestrone.
Kandy loves Chicken Paprikas.
Jalan Klapa, Yo-Ha, and Siloso Road.
Ang Kok Peng, Christopher De Souza and Maurice Baker are in the database.
Bilahari Kausikan, William Shellabear, and Djoko Wibisono.
Tai recently opened a new Sushi restaurant.
Boey Kim Cheng, Ow Chin Hock, and Sophia Blackmore.
Irene Ng Phek Hoong, Loh Kok Heng, and Chow Sau Hai Roland.
Loda, Adron, and Amalie.
Qoo, Kellogg's, and Rolex.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Crescent Lane?
Katsudon, Ravioli, and Samgyeopsal.
Lee Yong Kiat, Haslir bin Ibrahim, and Koh Yong Guan.
Please tell me how to get to Limau Terrace.
Izzati, Masayu, and Khadija.
Number sequence is S0714369Q and date of birth is 21 June 2028.
Find the fastest way to Cavenagh Road.
Is there a Singapore embassy in Grenada?
You must try prata cheese when you are here.
Yuri, Toast Box, and Barilla.
Andalou Naturals, Dutch Mill, and Supreme.
tau suan, bak kut teh, and kueh lupis.
Tyrone, Edwardo, and Zenobia.
Tan Chin Tuan, B. R. Sreenivasan, and J. B. Jeyaretnam.
Select the fastest way to Park Lane.
Onion Pakora, Imoni, and Jalebi.
IC, SNB, and SMRT.
True Jesus Church
Nabil, Afiqah, and Izzara.
I want to travel to Luanda.
We studied about Jennifer Tham, David Tay Poey Cher and William Goode in the class assignment.
Does herbal egg taste good?
Tao Li, Warren Fernandez, and Poh Kay Swee.
Waterloo Street, Gibraltar Road, and Simon Lane.
Pizza, Pretzel, and Imoni.
Rohit, Chandi, and Kailash.
Where can I find the best dum briyani?
Raymond Kang, Eng-Lee Seok Chee, and Arifin.
Seafood Paella is very tasty.
Seletar, Tropical Marine Science Institute, and Rosyth Road.
I am particular about my Katsu Tendon.
Michelle Lim, Sitoh Yih Pin, and Cheong Choong Kong.
BND, Dong, and SGD.
I am meeting Estefania at Marymount Terrace first.
Aina, Imran, and Leman.
Juthika Ramanathan, S. S. Sarma, and Adeline Foo.
8,821
You must try pig fallopian tubes when you are here.
20,560
kai lan beef, kuih suji, and boiled abalone soup.
New Majestic Hotel, Refinery Lane, and Soleil @ Sinaran.
How far away is Grace Park from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Song Ong Siang, Murray Buttrose and Ang Hin Kee!
It's about 16 minutes' walk to Singapore Institute of Manufacturing Technology.
Number sequence is S5372046F and date of birth is 13 March 1930.
Please look for Trenten when you reach Alexandra Road Garden Trail.
Leslee bought Nanakusa-gayu for Raekwon.
Where can I get cheap food in Edinburgh?
It is faster to take the bus to West Spring.
This shop sells lotus leaf chicken.
8 8 9 5 2 7 4 6 2 0
William Goode, Toh Liying, and Wee Kim Wee.
Sophia Road, Martlesham Road, and Swettenham Green.
Ecco, Roxy, and WD-40.
I would like to have a good view of Nicosia.
Tavon, Melisa, and Sherilyn.
What is the fastest way to Singapore Institute of International Affairs?
Vagisil, Omron, and Fibrosol.
What is the distance to Hampton Court?
Dover Drive, Almond Avenue, and Jalan Kayu Manis.
Mahade, Chetan, and Tanguturi.
Eng Kong Drive
I am waiting for Elenora to come back from Tua Pek Kong Temple.
Zulaikha, Izzat, and Amrin.
Jalan Kemaman, Seletar Club Road, and National Sailing Centre.
Jokbal, Gyoza, and Takikomi gohan.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Toh Liying, Chan Sek Keong and Joan Hon.
Charles Gamba, Yuen-Peng McNeice, and Olivia Mariamne Raffles.
8419 5478
Ferdinand recently opened a new Dangojiru restaurant.
Lee Khoon Choy, Ho Chee-Kong, and Pan Cheng Lui.
Auntie Anne's, Urana, and Eclipse Mints.
I knew a person who has met both John Henry Duclos and Kit Chan.
K. Jayamani, Liu Thai Ker, and Yong Ah Kee.
The Southbridge Hotel, Sungei Kadut Avenue, and Medical Drive.
Tan Chin Tuan, P. Govindasamy Pillai, and Santokh Singh Grewal.
Republic Polytechnic, Jalan Tiong, and Jalan Jati.
How much is Alu Matar?
Number sequence is S2593704B and date of birth is 21 March 1992.
Tell me the price of chicken feet.
Avene, Betadine, and Ezerra.
There is a food court selling black tortoise cake behind Steward's house.
Adelina, Judith, and Jordon.
NUOWA9
Bishan Loft, Tractor Road, and Ang Mo Kio Polyclinic & Dental Clinic.
butter calamari, lemak cili padi, and muruku.
Number sequence is S8196734N and date of birth is 19 June 2018.
Nothing beats having kaya toast in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Elias Terrace?
I am meeting Alisha at Portsdown Avenue first.
How long does it take to get to Everton Road by taxi?
round about midnight
GRC, MRT, and SOTA.
Does bun taste good?
Jasmine Ser Xiang Wei, Mohammad Arif Suhaimi, and Han Lao Da.
kuay chap is well-known in my hometown.
Am I right that Brasilia is a capital city?
Raymond Kang, Sha'ari bin Tadin, and Goh Heng Soon Sam.
I can't eat all of this Dangojiru.
Where is West Mall?
Yaki udon, Seafood Paella, and Banh Mi.
9026th
Link Road, Jalan Pesawat, and Jalan Rajah.
This is the best har cheong gai that I can find.
What is the distance to Marsiling Neighbourhood Police Post?
ginger onions chicken, hum chim peng, and roti john daging.
What are the landmarks near Stockport Road?
Abdul Kadir Syed, Esther Tan, and Wong Ming.
Juliana Yasin, Matthew Yap, and Constance Mary Turnbull.
Beef Galbi is well-known in my hometown.
Aisyah Lyana, Sim Ann, and Robert Black.
How much is garlic chives steamed rice cake?
Temenggong Abdul Rahman, Tan Eng Joo, and Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill.
Clarke Quay, Asimont Lane, and Mayflower Drive.
Yu-Foo Yee Shoon, Lambert, and So Heng.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Kampong Glam Constituency Sports Club?
Harper Road, Jurong Island, and Oei Tiong Ham Park.
PTOX01
This is the best pork satay that I can find.
Breadsticks, Tenmusu, and Carbonara.
Jarett, Jaymes, and Xander.
How far away is Lighthouse Baptist Church from here?
Please show me the way to Suffolk Road.
bee tai mak is a must-try.
Chanel, Haruma, and I-Max.
John Purvis, Phay Seng Whatt, and Liew Wee Mee.
How long does it take to get to Lighthouse Evangelism by taxi?
vegetarian bee hoon, prata cheese, and yao cai hei ji tang.
How do I get to Cedar Avenue?
Number sequence is S9145038F and date of birth is 01 September 1995.
8428 1726
Please look for Roscoe when you reach Singapore Bible College.
Se Ve Shanmugam, Saktiandi Supaat, and Liang Wenfu.
Devan loves roasted duck rice.
3472 0266
Humphrey Morrison Burkill, Siow Lee-Chin, and Koh Buck Song.
I am meeting Alphonsine at iFly first.
What is the easiest way to Alexandra Central?
Toh Liying, David Kwo, and Low Ing Sing.
What are the landmarks near Toh Guan Dormitory?
Nothing beats having Papadum in the summer.
Show me the way to Victoria Junior College.
How do I get to Robertson Quay?
It is faster to take the bus to Hiang Foo Siang Temple.
Can I take the MRT to Cowdray Avenue?
Audra Morrice, Denise Phua Lay Peng, and Chong Kee Hiong.
Rodney Tan, Yeh Chi Wei, and Tan Beng Swee.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Singapore Exchange?
Seoul Garden, Tatsumoto, and Bosch.
Sebrina, Lillard, and Wilmer.
Please show me the way to Ji Huang Kok Temple.
By using names such as Anthony Poon, Cai Bixia and Yeng Pway Ngon -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Parry Avenue, Chin Cheng Avenue, and Campbell Lane.
Can I take the MRT to Tuas South Boulevard?
Number sequence is T9507413X and date of birth is 13 December 1947.
Luciana, Waylon, and Abigayle.
Jim Beam, Best Denki, and Reebok.
4915th
Could you tell me the way to Townsville Primary School?
I am meeting Selina at Jalan Tenaga first.
Select the fastest way to Lornie Walk.
10 Nov. 1991 16:00:22
Yakitori, Katsudon, and Jalebi.
Pad Thai, Deodeok gui, and Imoni.
St Xavier's Lane
There is a food court selling deep fried fish with sweet and sour sauce behind Janessa's house.
Tan Eng Liang, Tan Paey Fern, and Jeremiah Choy.
Could you tell me the way to Teochew Funeral Parlour?
I trust Obimin.
I would like to visit Romania.
I am waiting for Bridgett to come back from Langsat Road.
Please look for Axel when you reach Park Avenue Suites River Wing.
24 Sep. 1933 01:25:47
How many calories does a serving of Kheema have?
How long does it take to get to Tuas Basin Lane by taxi?
Anthony Poon, Eng Siak Loy, and Gerard Ee.
prata banana, peanut butter jelly ice cream, and chai kueh.
Where is Singapore Sikh Education Foundation?
Kordel's, Ionil T, and Oxy.
This is the best Kushiyaki that I can find.
Costa del Sol, Jalan Nira, and Tanjong Pagar Distripark.
Please tell me how to cook Uthapam.
Hirudoid, Enzyplex, and Ocuvite.
lemper udang, tang yuen with peanut soup, and min chiang kueh.
PSB Academy at Delta, Sampan Place, and Old Upper Thomson Road.
Wee Choon Seng, Lee Seow Ser, and Jason Chan.
Can I take a bus to Merchant Loop?
How long will it take to walk to Yio Chu Kang Road?
Northumberland Road, Light of Christ Church Woodlands, and Choa Chu Kang Link.
What is the distance to Bukit Sedap Road?
Select the fastest way to Crawford Street.
pak thong ko is a traditional local cuisine.
szechuan noodle, salted egg yolk sotong, and traditional sponge cake.
This shop sells stir fry chicken with black pepper.
Can I take a bus to Upper Serangoon Viaduct?
Jalan Surau, MeraPrime, and Lentor.
Cristopher, Yaritza, and Evans.
epok epok, sliced fish soup, and mutton satay.
I like bbq sotong very much.
Where can I find the best Fajitas?
Is Obimin popular in Singapore?
Belia, Starla, and Brannon.
0 1 9 8 8 9 1 0 6 5
There is a food court selling kway teow cockles behind Orrin's house.
G.Kandasamy, Chao Hick Tin and Wong Heck Sing? You are not familiar with these names?
Kallang Tengah, Tanah Merah Besar Road, and Secretariat.
Oland, Haden, and Rickie.
ice kachang, herbal bak ku teh, and steamed tapioca cake.
There is a food court selling Navratan Korma behind Braiden's house.
It's about 17 minutes' walk to Nexus International School.
Chase, Velva, and Gino.
tau huay is very tasty.
Roxann, Myla, and Henry.
Eden bought teochew porridge for Eino.
I can't eat all of this clay pot mee.
George Edwin Bogaars, Suratman Markasan, and Jeremiah Choy.
Can I take the MRT to United World College of South East Asia?
Do you know how to cook acar?
Alonza loves png kueh.
Glynda, Buffy, and Mathews.
How much is lemak siput?
Guacamole, Gulab Jamun, and Mugi meshi.
pumpkin cake, yi bua, and kopi.
Does Seafood Paella taste good?
MDRO3I
Chia Keng Hock, Tan Tee Yoke, and Singai Mukilan.
The class assignment was to study about Ruth Wong Hie King, Lim Bo Seng and Sha'ari bin Tadin.
Alex Ong Boon Hau, Julian Yeo See Teck, and Joi Chua.
Bratwurst, Jokbal, and Samosa.
Singapore Accountancy Commission, Sengkang West Road, and Ironside Road.
Enjoy your lala.
Serangoon Garden Circus
Pritam Singh, Koh Guan Song, and Lim Chong Yah.
Christian is dropping me off at East Coast.
Cube 8, Kallang Junction, and Clementi Central Post Office.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Chia Thye Poh and Yu Zhuye.
Seletar Hills Drive, Choa Chu Kang Way, and Lighthouse Baptist Church.
Do you know where is Woodlands Close?
Addicts Anonymous, Santa Cruz, and Subway.
Takoyaki is a must-try.
approximately half past ten yesterday
Wang Chunde, Lee Choon Seng, and Tay Bin Wee.
Tebing Lane, Istana & Sri Temasek, and Kallang Tengah.
Manley, Coraima, and Tad.
Where can I find the best hae mee?
How far away is Hillview Drive from here?
Jambol Walk, Ahmadiyya Cemetery, and Peirce Hill.
Tower Transit, Ocean Financial Centre, and Lim Chu Kang Track 11.
A series of biographies about Tan Teck Neo, Ruth Wong Hie King and Fong Chong Pik was recently published.
9366 3961
Hubert Hill, MaxLe Blond, and Tan Che Sang.
Pizza, Lime Pickle, and Ramyeon.
I am particular about my chai tow kuay.
Potti, Jagadish, and Ketna.
Show me the way to Kolam Ayer Community Club.
How many calories does a serving of fish head curry have?
There are stories about Ling Siew May, Nathan Hartono and Jennifer Yeo in the database.
Potong Pasir MRT Station, Mount Sinai Rise, and Changi Coast Road.
Is Central African Republic a great place to spend the summer holiday?
Taman Warna, Lancaster Gate, and Port Health Office.
Where is Amitabha Building?
Lim Seok Hui, Michelle Lim, and Chua Mia Tee.
8121 1734
gong-gong is a must-try.
Number sequence is T2985071P and date of birth is 30 July 2002.
WITS, KPE, and CSI.
Yunnan Walk
Ismail Marjan, Mardan Mamat, and Dorothy Krishnan.
Lexus, Toms, and Sunsweet.
Nikolas, Chelsy, and Shawnee.
Ryland, Kenia, and Niko.
CDC, CBD, and MINDEF.
Oral bought Banh Mi for Evonne.
Ip Yiu Tung, Adrin Loi, and Michael Chiang.
The people included in the list are Constance Mary Turnbull, Kit Chan and Thomas Shelford.
LUP, SLA, and NRF.
Find the fastest way to Bayanihan Centre.
6692 9456
Muhammad Ariff Ahmad, Ridzwan Dzafir, and See Chak Mun.
7,701,721
Which bus should I take to Amber Hotel?
6427 8955
Tan Siak Kew, Tan Eng Bock, and Lin Gao.
Tell me the price of Biryani.
Lee Wen, Chan Keng Howe Harry, and Tan Choo Kai.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Windsor Nursing Home?
Show me the way to Hotel Grand Pacific.
Quint recently opened a new ayam buah keluak restaurant.
Prima Deli, Seng Choon, and The Cocoa Trees.
It is faster to take the bus to Kempas Road.
First Toa Payoh, Customs Operations Command, and Countryside Road.
The library recently did a roadshow on Maggie Teng and Jamit Singh.
Nai Swee Leng, Tan I Tong, and Tan Tock Seng.
6405 6651
Moulavi Babu Sahib, Rama Kannabiran, and Tan Siew Sin.
You must try Ras Malai when you are here.
Tom Yam Goong, Kulfi, and Alu Gobi.
Number sequence is S7203645V and date of birth is 22 March 1949.
I am particular about my herbal bak ku teh.
Do you know how to cook Karaage Fried Chicken?
Subaru, Skippy, and Kangaroo.
Lim Bo Seng, Zhou Can, and Sitoh Yih Pin.
Gurmeet, Sarojini, and Ravi Shankar.
Joshua Ip, Philip Hoalim, and Jack Neo.
N7TQHO
Keith Simmons, Wan Soon Bee, and Wang Sui Pick.
How do I get to Jalan Kebaya?
ikan tiga rasa is a traditional local cuisine.
ondeh ondeh is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook mooncake.
Ng Bee Kia and Yip Pin Xiu has met this person that I know of.
Persil, Peter Pan, and The Face Shop.
SSDC, AETOS, and DHS.
Rogan Josh, Monsunabe, and Crepe.
0 0 7 6 6 8 7 9 2 5
The Cabinet & Cabinet Office, Geylang Serai Neighbourhood Police Post, and Riverina Crescent.
What are the landmarks near Lok Yang Way?
Idell is dropping me off at English Test Centre.
Buttercup, Gourmet, and So Pho.
Do you know where is Kampong Ubi Industrial Estate?
Hasan, Charlee, and Shawna.
Lengkok Bahru
Simply Flowers, Aden, and Volkswagen.
Avene, Ocuvite, and Manicare.
Tommy Koh, Fatimah Lateef, and Wen Jinhua.
Anita Sarawak, Grace Yin Peck Ha, and Zubir Said.
I can't eat all of this laddu.
quarter to eleven
Rollin, Clydie, and Angus.
Mentos, Palmer's, and Acuto.
Alvin Pang, Peter Lee, and Wong Tuang Seng.
Please look for Shedrick when you reach Paya Lebar Methodist Girls' School.
Please tell me how to get to Lorong Danau.
Mediterranean Penne, Beef Vindaloo, and Tonkatsu.
What is Sarajevo famous for?
shan rui tang is very tasty.
I am waiting for Arielle to come back from Countryside View.
Number sequence is S3827045K and date of birth is 25 July 1930.
Do you know where is Topaz Road?
Eng Boh Kee, Mylene Ong, and Chan Sow Lin.
Maudie loves stir fried pork with ginger onions.
I am waiting for Dana to come back from Anglo-Chinese School.
Jalan Limau Bali, Neram Road, and Taman Kembangan.
Find the fastest way to Conrad Centennial.
Emely bought Spaghetti Bolognese for Dann.
Gallop Circus, Malay Heritage Centre, and Kampong Ampat Industrial Estate.
Lin Gao, Lim Chong Yah, and Loo Choon Yong.
I like Butter Chicken very much.
Asia Star Hotel, Jalan Langgar Bedok, and Tanjong Pagar Drive 1.
CCA, IDA, and AXS.
Jehangirr, Jagat, and Narendra.
Tell me the price of white bee hoon.
Mak Lai Peng Christine, Wykidd Song, and Godwin Koay.
Which bus should I take to Enggor Street?
Abdullah Tarmugi, Adan Jimenez, and Cheong Koon Seng.
887,387
har cheong gai, laddu, and katong laksa.
Kampong Java Tunnel, Senoko Road, and Jalan Noordin.
What is the cheapest way to Alkaff Crescent?
Earl, Birtha, and Campbell.
Yusman Aman, Tan Paey Fern, and Tan Yeok Seong.
4 2 7 4 3 1 3 5 9 8
Supravit is a well-known brand.
Toh Close, Dublin Road, and Gilstead Road.
Simply Lodge, Classique Hotel, and Gul Street.
This shop sells Carbonara.
Prinsep Street Presbyterian Church, Cheang Wan Seng Place, and Woodgrove.
yong tau foo, telur dadah, and crispy roasted chicken with prawn crackers.
Fandi Ahmad, Lee Gek Seng, and Ahmad Mattar.
The Claymore, River Safari, and Toronto Road.
What products does Blephagel have?
Aloys is dropping me off at Tanjong Berlayer Pier.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Cuppage Road?
How many calories does a serving of chwee kueh have?
Ossie, Jaquelin, and Jeramie.
Hong San See Temple, Pasir Ris Avenue, and Lianhua Primary School.
SYG9IZ
Are there food courts or restaurants near Thomson Green?
Amrin, Munah, and Batrisya.
Owyang Chi, Edwin Koo, and Michael Chiang.
Do you know how to cook teh halia tarik?
pak thong ko, chendol melaka, and pig's organ soup.
Nothing beats having stir fried chicken with black pepper in the summer.
Wolskel Road
Please show me the way to Ace SHRM College.
938
How long will it take to walk to American Club?
I would like to have a long stay in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
MUIS, MSF, and IR.
Therese recently opened a new Tamago kake gohan restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Martin Road.
PCG, MDA, and MOM.
Haylee, Shokubutsu, and Beauty People.
How long will it take to walk to Tuas South Boulevard?
Shui Tit Sing, Chan Kum Wah Roy, and Ali Iskandar Shah.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Iskandar Jalil, Ong Beng Seng, and Grace Fu.
George Oehlers, Andrew Clarke, and Bill Chen.
pig fallopian tubes, fried mantou, and sweet and sour prawns.
Please tell me how to cook sup kambing.
Where should I go in Moldova?
It's about 41 minutes' walk to Central 65 Hostel & Cafe.
Capella Hotel Singapore, Aroozoo Avenue, and Jamiyah Children's Home.
Francis Ng, Pang Teck Joon and C. K. Tang? Are you not familiar with these names?
Adelene Wee Chin Suan, Lou Mee Wah, and Lee Chin Koon.
Gobchang gui, Ratatouille, and Salami.
Could you tell me the way to Brani Drive 7?
Rolland is dropping me off at Rumbia.
The Girls Brigade
Lee Dai Soh, Sang Nila Utama, and Teresa Hsu.
Old Tampines Road, Durban Road, and Changi North Rise.
Mediterranean Penne is a traditional local cuisine.
Kwok Peng Kin Francis, Vincent Cheng, and K. F. Seetoh.
Number sequence is T7510829I and date of birth is 22 April 1994.
Actrapid HM Penfill, Strepsils Max Plus Lozenges, and Meteospasmyl Alverine Capsules.
8354 0402
Enjoy your kueh kemboja.
3 9 2 3 7 5 9 1 5 6
26 Oct. 2006 16:46:50
Dennis Bloodworth, Owyang Chi, and Andrew Clarke.
Chew Swee Kee, Adrin Loi, and Cheo Kim Ban.
3046 0583
Which bus should I take to Sunbird Circle?
Perllini&Mel, Royal Sporting House, and Praise.
Enjoy your Deodeok gui.
Ingeborg loves Crepe.
United Overseas Bank Plaza Two, ACS Oldham Hall, and Taman Jurong Park.
Vincent Ng, Natalie Hennedige and Lin Chen are in the database.
Tracey Tan, Lim Biow Chuan, and Ken Lim.
Lisha recently opened a new Chana Masala restaurant.
Khoo Teng Soon, Leu Yew Chye, and Ying E Ding.
Lavern, Roe, and Susan.
Kellogg's, Alpen, and Dasani.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Lana?
Seafood Linguine, Chicken Casserole, and Jokbal.
Tan Swie Hian, Philip Jackson, and Juthika Ramanathan.
Please tell me how to get to Jalan Gemala.
Ayu, Aidil, and Wati.
Number sequence is S7804529T and date of birth is 13 May 1930.
Find the fastest way to SPRING Singapore.
What is Tuvalu famous for?
You must try butter sotong when you are here.
Breeze, Dualtron, and Timezone.
Bundaberg, Wingstop, and Glade.
fried mantou, kueh kaswi, and garlic pork and pork floss with brinjal.
Minerva, Yulissa, and Ceola.
Tan Siew Sin, Jerry Ng, and Lim Kay Siu.
Select the fastest way to River Valley High School.
Onigiri, Minestrone, and Pizza.
HSA, PIE, and IP.
Hotel Fort Canning
Hana, Zafran, and Hilmi.
I would like to visit Monrovia.
We studied about William Shellabear, Seah Eu Chin and Lee Ek Tieng in the class assignment.
Does braised duck noodle taste good?
Tan See Boo, Mok Ying Jang, and Ling Cher Eng.
Bukit Batok East Avenue, Taman Permata, and Singapore Christian Home for The Aged.
Dal Makhani, Mugi meshi, and Tom Yam Goong.
Akshay, Vivekananda, and Renu.
Where can I find the best snowflake ice?
Tracie Pang, Checha Davies, and Alice Pennefather.
Teban Garden Crescent
Sukiyaki is very tasty.
Tembusu Avenue, Upper Changi Road East, and Great World.
I am particular about my Chimichangas.
Thomas Braddell, Quentin Pereira, and Ho Ching.
USD, Dirham, and HKD.
Stella Artois, Singtel, and Green dot.
I am meeting Deann at Snow City first.
Izzati, Farah, and Afiq.
Tracey Tan, Sunny Sia, and Lim Sun Gee.
178,794
You must try roti john ayam when you are here.
25,779
fried garoupa, sliced fish hor fun, and rawon.
How far away is Swiss School from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Ong Kian Peng, Adelene Wee Chin Suan and Aziza Ali!
It's about 59 minutes' walk to Scotts Square Block.
Number sequence is T1092735N and date of birth is 09 December 1998.
Please look for Aiyana when you reach Mount Rosie Road.
Bree bought Yakitori for Arah.
Where can I get cheap food in Madrid?
It is faster to take the bus to Mornington Crescent.
This shop sells katong laksa.
8 4 9 6 4 8 2 6 0 9
Ooi Kok Chuen, Lim Kim Boon, and Louis Mountbatten.
Jalan Dermawan, Singapore Air Traffic Control Centre, and Prince Philip Avenue.
Isomil, Golden East Sun, and Hersheys.
Demi, Natalya, and Titus.
What is the cheapest way to CPF Building?
Pregain, Rene, and Novosource.
What is the distance to Circular Road?
Ulu Pandan Road, Whitley, and Lembu Road.
Satyajit, Kailash, and Mahan.
I am waiting for Eliga to come back from Tuas Loop.
Daud, Adam, and Haron.
Terminal Avenue, Lorong Low Koon, and The Claymore.
Chicken Pasta, Tom Kha Gai, and Monsunabe.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Chua Joon Siang, Justin Lean and Peter Gilchrist.
Loy Chye Chuan, Ken Seet, and Yong Pung How.
8993 4932
Opal recently opened a new Teriyaki restaurant.
Goh Koh Pui, Run Run Shaw, and Leo Yip.
Head & Shoulders, Times, and Skinny Pizza.
I knew a person who has met both Lai Siu Chiu and Yee Jenn Jong.
Saw Ean Ang, Fong Hoe Beng, and Khoo Swee Chiow.
Quah Kim Song, Aw Boon Haw, and Yap Boon Chuan.
Yayasan Mendaki, CPF Building, and PSA Club.
Patrick Tay Teck Guan, Kishore Mahbubani, and Theresa Noronha.
Tai Hwan Walk, American College, and Pines Club.
Number sequence is T2184960M and date of birth is 15 August 1920.
Tell me the price of ang ku kueh.
Mepilex, Strepsils, and Physiogel.
There is a food court selling Cham-Cham behind Keyshawn's house.
Eddie, Aliana, and Hedwig.
E6F853
Kebun Baru CC, Fuchun Primary School, and Methodist Church Of The Incarnation.
kuih bakar pandan, stir fried chicken with black pepper, and prata strawberry.
Number sequence is T5927341C and date of birth is 08 August 2005.
Nothing beats having fried mantou in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Teck Ghee?
I am meeting Cinthia at Pegu Road first.
How long does it take to get to Tanjong Beach Walk by taxi?
SNB, NRIC, and MICE.
Does salted egg yolk sotong taste good?
George Nigel Douglas-Hamilton, Gwee Li Sui, and Thomas Shelford.
lobster porridge is well-known in my hometown.
Am I right that Brazzaville is a capital city?
Phan Ming Yen, Peter Lee, and Willin Low.
I can't eat all of this Pretzel.
Where is Kinta Road?
Tom Yam Goong, Sushi, and Ladoo.
76th
Singapore Indian Development Association, Citylights, and Tanglin Hill.
This is the best deep fried fish with sweet and sour sauce that I can find.
What is the distance to Jalan Merdu?
prata chocolate, katong laksa, and white sugar sponge cake.
What are the landmarks near Lex Hotel?
Seow Peck Leng, Lim Eng Hock Peter, and Walter Makepeace.
Lasagne is well-known in my hometown.
Ang Wei Neng, Keith Simmons, and Lin Chen.
How much is chrysanthemum fried garoupa?
Wang Dayuan, Jim Lim, and Chia Keng Hock.
Assumption English School, Pearl's Hill Hostel, and Singapore American School.
Theresa Noronha, Yeh Chi Wei, and Narana Putumaippittan.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Admiralty Street?
Stockport Road, Synagogue Street, and Guillemard Road.
E5XKMF
This is the best shan rui yao cai tang that I can find.
Okinawa soba, Banh Mi, and Fugu.
Anastacia, Viridiana, and Krissy.
How far away is Ascott Singapore from here?
Please show me the way to Pandan Road.
rojak bandung is a must-try.
Massimo Dutti, Dumex Mamil Gold, and Scoot.
Charles Paglar, David Kwo, and Hilmi Johandi.
How long does it take to get to J Gateway by taxi?
bakso, sugee cake, and soto.
How do I get to Meragi Terrace?
Number sequence is S4276309I and date of birth is 26 July 1941.
9287 4911
Please look for Pinkney when you reach Chung Cheng High School.
Taufik Batisah, Sonny Liew, and Yeo Kian Chai.
Mychal loves bee tai mak.
6204 2215
Jackie Yi-Ru Ying, Lee Wei Song Paul, and Kwek Hong Png.
I am meeting Merl at School of Science & Technology first.
What is the cheapest way to LTA Academy?
Eu Keng Mun Richard, Sundaresh Menon, and Ruben Pang.
What are the landmarks near Hythe Road?
How do I get to Bukit Merah HDB Branch Office?
It is faster to take the bus to Connexis North.
Can I take the MRT to Army Museum?
Song Ong Siang, Tan Kah Kee, and Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Hindu Cemetery Path 2?
Artbox, Ritz Apple Strudel, and Kinohimitsu.
Braeden, Iliana, and Zackery.
Please show me the way to G4 Station Backpackers Hostel.
By using names such as Winston Choos, Tan Cheng Kee and Gan Choo Neo -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Ubi Road, Pasir Ris Street, and Kim Tian Christian Church.
Can I take the MRT to Clarence Lane?
Number sequence is S5780194A and date of birth is 30 November 2018.
Nena, Marie, and Creed.
Tubifast is on promotion.
Dutch Mill, Poulet, and King's.
Could you tell me the way to Commonwealth Avenue?
I am meeting Maybelle at Makepeace Road first.
17 Apr. 1927 23:09:35
Korokke, Currywurst, and Kimchi jjigae.
Sambar, Sekihan, and Jokbal.
Sattha Puchaniyaram Buddhist Temple
There is a food court selling teh c behind Rowena's house.
Ong Ye Kung, Lim Lee, and Edwin Brown.
Could you tell me the way to SMU School of Information Systems?
Where can I find a shop that sells Sterimar?
How long is the flight to Timor-Leste?
I am waiting for Alvia to come back from Jalan Jong.
Please look for Lorenz when you reach River Safari.
18 Sep. 1928 23:57:38
How many calories does a serving of Sambar have?
Chan Chin Bock, Yeo Kian Chai, and Nai Swee Leng.
chicken liver, kai lan beef, and kurma.
Where is Moonbeam Drive?
Benzac cream, Sangobion, and Fibogel.
This is the best Falafel that I can find.
Saint Anthony's Canossian Secondary, Choon Guan Street, and Tanjong Kling Road.
Please tell me how to cook Okinawa soba.
Natura House, Enervon, and Centrum.
wonton mee, sweet and sour deep fried fish, and satay bee hoon.
Havelock, Village Hotel, and Thanggam.
David Lee, S. Iswaran, and Terry Tan.
How long will it take to walk to Somerset Road?
TwentyOne Angullia Park, Paya Lebar Place, and Orchard Point.
What is the distance to Summer View Hotel?
Select the fastest way to Klang Lane.
pineapple tart is a traditional local cuisine.
stir fried pork with ginger onions, mutton stew, and kway chap.
This shop sells vadai.
Can I take a bus to Naumi Hotel?
Lark, Jean, and Del.
tauge ikan masin, nasi goreng kampung, and shredded chicken noodles.
I like kueh bugis very much.
Where can I find the best Gyoza?
What can I use Colora water colours for?
Stormy, Alayna, and Buddy.
8 2 9 3 6 1 9 2 4 8
There is a food court selling Soba behind Sharyn's house.
Djoko Wibisono, Lui Hah Wah Elena and Dollah Kassim? You are not familiar with these names?
Temple Street, Hyderabad Road, and Lorong Biawak.
Assisi Hospice, Attap Valley Road, and New Bugis Street.
Daron, Lyda, and Jacoby.
kuih syara, sugar cane juice, and braised shark fin soup.
There is a food court selling tahu goreng behind Erving's house.
It's about 9 minutes' walk to Walmer Drive.
Luella, Shirlie, and Ambrose.
masala thosai is very tasty.
Luna, Jeannie, and Savion.
Nolen bought ku chai kuih for Lula.
I can't eat all of this chrysanthemum fried grouper.
Maurice Baker, Ooi Kok Chuen, and Benjamin Henry Sheares.
Can I take the MRT to Maple Lane?
Do you know how to cook tapak kuda?
Jacques loves soya beancurd.
Ethan, Sophie, and Delia.
How much is katong laksa?
Beef Vindaloo, Falafel, and Rajma.
begedil, nasi goreng sambal, and kai lan seafood.
Does Samgeyopsal taste good?
M6L238
Meira Chand, Lim Chong Pang, and Nai Swee Leng.
The class assignment was to study about Tan See Boo, Godwin Koay and Ho Sou Ping.
Rahimah Rahim, Louis Mountbatten, and Sidek bin Saniff.
Dhokla, Bibimbap, and Sukiyaki.
Wan Shih Road, Chongfu School, and Kai San Temple.
Enjoy your rojak india.
Grace Young
Tan Soo Khoon, Harry Elias, and Terry Tan.
Frazier is dropping me off at Fort Canning Park.
Canning Walk, Sherwood Towers, and Evans Hostel.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including C. C. Tan and Tan Chong Tee.
Espada, Tyersall Road, and Rochalie Drive.
Do you know where is Woodgrove View?
Calbee, Love, Bonito, and Horlicks.
Ramen is a must-try.
approximately a quarter to seven yesterday
Cheong Siew Keong, Goh Teck Sian, and Edmund Blundell.
Admiralty Park, Singapore Marriott Hotel, and Marsiling Rise.
Gertrude, Fidelia, and Orah.
Where can I find the best duck noodle?
How far away is Movenpick Heritage Hotel from here?
Bukit Panjang Ring Road, Eben Road, and Kai San Temple.
Preservation of Monuments Board, Adam Road Medical Centre, and Seraya Avenue.
A series of biographies about Goh Beng Kwan, Yip Cheong Fun and See Tiong Wah was recently published.
9219 8106
Lee Man Fong, Matthew Ngui, and Sophia Cooke.
Saag Paneer, Onigiri, and Jokbal.
I am particular about my fried garoupa.
Hri, Ramchundra, and Jawaharlal.
Show me the way to Communicable Disease Centre.
How many calories does a serving of mee goreng have?
There are stories about Ang Kok Peng, Ong Poh Lim and Koh Eng Kian in the database.
Palm Drive, Bukit Timah Seven Mile, and Zurmang Kagyud Buddhist Centre.
I am flying to Cabo Verde now. See you soon.
Keppel Towers, Keng Cheow Street, and Jalan Terusan.
Where is Society for the Aged Sick?
Mustaq Ahmad, Chong Siew Ying, and Catchick Moses.
bak chor mee is a must-try.
Number sequence is S1894536F and date of birth is 11 September 1924.
SLA, HSBC, and SOU.
Kirsten Tan, Louis Chen, and Manasseh Meyer.
Pierre Cardin, Bajaj, and Gelare.
Elizabet, Christian, and Melvin.
Kathryne, Lorrayne, and Rodolfo.
AYE, ISD, and AGC.
Roberto bought Ochazuke for Gaylen.
Chin Peng, Lee Ti-Seng Desmond, and Choo Seng Quee.
The people included in the list are Gregory Yong, Yee Chia Hsing and Tan Hwee Hwee.
SUSS, ISD, and STB.
Find the fastest way to Whampoa Drive.
3779 4527
Cecil Clementi, Li Nanxing, and Tan Soo Khoon.
57,003
Which bus should I take to Commercial Affairs Department?
3065 3413
Shaikh Yahya bin Ahmed Afifi, Ong Pang Boon, and Margaret Chan.
Tell me the price of Gulab Jamun.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Venus Road?
Show me the way to Nagore Dargah.
Kira recently opened a new Kheer restaurant.
Lenovo, 3CE, and Swarovski.
It is faster to take the bus to Lorong Pisang Emas.
Bukit Timah Saddle club, Keat Hong Link, and Jalan Rumah Tinggi.
I like oyster omelette very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Lee Boon Ngan and Parga Singh.
Koh Guan Song, Mariam Baharom, and Low Yen Ling.
3594 0400
CNB, CTE, and SMRT.
William Tan, Pan Cheng Lui, and Zainudin Nordin.
You must try Caramelized Maui Onion Dip when you are here.
Bobbi Brown, Allies of Skin, and Listerine.
Chicken Casserole, Date Tamarind Chutney, and Zosui.
Number sequence is T0369172O and date of birth is 27 December 2022.
I am particular about my ya kun kaya toast.
Do you know how to cook Dak Galbi?
CP, Cowhead, and Dundee.
Yong Melvin Yik Chye, Ahmad Jais, and Andrew Ang.
Jawaharlal, Atal, and Haresh.
Kwa Geok Choo, Ong Eng Guan, and Isaac Henry Burkill.
ZHLD38
Seah Peck Seah, Leong Yee Soo, and Saiedah Said.
How do I get to Cook Street?
fried hokkien mee is a traditional local cuisine.
chili crab is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook nasi pattaya.
Gaurav Kripalani and Khoo Teng Soon has met this person that I know of.
Tianpo Jewellery, Barilla, and Qoo.
DPP, IB, and CIP.
Pizza, Ramyeon, and Yakizakana.
4 2 3 9 8 6 3 2 7 9
New Upper Changi Road, Tai Keng Avenue, and Jalan Lakum.
What are the landmarks near Chin Bee Road?
Edson is dropping me off at Canterbury Road.
Do you know where is West Coast Park?
Pearl Island
Twinings, Beautymaker, and Veet.
Supravit, Mepilex, and Polident.
Chia Boon Leong, Ong Tiong Khiam, and Chua Poh Leng.
Wang Sha, John Eber, and Colin Qi Zhe Quan.
at half past four in the morning
Bryant, Samual, and Marylin.
LUX, Yuri, and Vitagen.
Teresa Hsu, Sun Xueling, and Sumiko Tan.
Please look for Arleth when you reach National Library Board.
Please tell me how to get to Abundant Grace Presbyterian Church.
Lasagne, Boribap, and Oyakodon.
prata bomb is very tasty.
I am waiting for Julious to come back from The Helping Hand.
Number sequence is T0136782R and date of birth is 17 December 1988.
Isadhora Mohamed, Foo Kwee Horng, and Eric Neo.
Kendal loves Karaage Fried Chicken.
I am waiting for Adriane to come back from Lorong Gambas.
Hendry Close, Siglap Plain, and Civil Defence Heritage Gallery.
Find the fastest way to Verdun Road.
Gaither bought prata onion for Alabama.
Goh Chok Tong
Jalan Pacheli, Rochester Park, and Wak Hassan Place.
Saw Swee Hock, Gan Kim Yong, and Kouo Shang-Wei.
I like Tenmusu very much.
Buangkok View, Plaza Singapura, and Guan Soon Avenue.
PSA, ISD, and OBS.
Nandan, Naraina, and Balaji.
Tell me the price of fishball noodle soup.
Loo Choon Yong, Chua Kim Yeow, and Suzann Victor.
Which bus should I take to Suffolk Road?
Yeo Ah Seng, Lim Bo Yam, and Grace Yin Peck Ha.
14,215
kaki ayam, coin prata, and sweet and sour fish.
Lorong Abu Talib, Sundridge Park Road, and The Leo.
What is the cheapest way to Harbour Drive?
Maralyn, Kiersten, and Arther.
Mah Bow Tan, Wang Gungwu, and Han Yong May.
8 9 4 6 9 8 3 4 1 1
Dermaveen is a well-known brand.
Blangah Rise Primary School, Lorong Temechut, and Sembawang Country Club.
Jalan Sam Kongsi, Berkshire Road, and Redwood Avenue.
This shop sells Sauerkraut.
Farrer Park Hospital, Taman Jurong Shopping Centre, and Admiralty Road.
pumpkin cake, daal, and durian.
Cedric Monteiro, Yaacob Ibrahim, and Anastasia Tjendri-Liew.
Former Raffles College, Media Link, and Clementi Road.
Peptamen aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Leonidas is dropping me off at Fairfield Methodist Secondary School.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Hotel Ascendere?
How many calories does a serving of coffee pork ribs have?
Dalia, Todd, and Burney.
Teban Gardens Road, Tiong Bahru Plaza, and Jellicoe Road.
2LXTAQ
Are there food courts or restaurants near Mount Sinai Road?
Ayu, Firdaus, and Adi.
Tan Thoon Lip, Chandran Nair, and Toh Liying.
Do you know how to cook snowflake ice?
air karthira, dum briyani, and sesame balls.
Nothing beats having kueh kaswi in the summer.
Mimeo
Please show me the way to Elias Road.
29,626
How long will it take to walk to The Seletar Mall?
I would like to have a long stay in The Gambia.
PPIS, CPIB, and IDA.
Jordy recently opened a new Nachos restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Cove Way.
SAM, MJC, and CCK.
Ace Brainery, Habibie, and Winter Time.
How long will it take to walk to Paragon Shopping Centre?
Abdul Samad Ismail, Robin Tessensohn, and David Wong.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Heng Swee Keat, William H. Read, and Angelina Choy.
Choo Hwee Lim, B. N. Rao, and Kwok Peng Kin Francis.
butter naan, singapore sling, and fish ball noodles.
Please tell me how to cook gula melaka ice cream.
How about a boat tour in Algeria?
It's about 11 minutes' walk to Central Exchange Green.
Jalan Jendela, Kampong Ubi CC, and Lower Delta Road.
Ong Kim Seng, Tay Teow Kiat and N. Palanivelu? Are you not familiar with these names?
B. N. Rao, Cai Bixia, and Chong Siew Ying.
Soba, Sashimi, and Japchae.
Could you tell me the way to East Coast Drive?
Khadijah is dropping me off at MOE Labrador Adventure Centre.
Carcasa Convent
Abraham Frankel, Kay Das, and Chen Zhiming.
Millenia Tower, Changi Business Park Vista, and Mergui Road.
Navratan Korma is a traditional local cuisine.
John Frederick Adolphus McNair, Ye Shufang, and Giam Yean Song Gerald.
Number sequence is S7128340G and date of birth is 16 July 1992.
Xyzal Levocetirizine Tablets, Antacid with Simethicone, and Neurobion Tablets.
8671 6153
0 1 2 5 5 3 9 0 8 7
16 Jan. 1993 05:17:47
Aliman Hassan, Yusman Aman, and Michael Fam.
Ang Swee Aun, Quah Kim Song, and Rama Kannabiran.
3527 0486
Which bus should I take to Jalan Sindor?
Fraser Hospitality, CP, and Hormel.
Enjoy your Lasagna.
Odalis loves soto ayam.
Mandarin Oriental, Tagore Drive, and Hampton Court.
Esther Tan, Haji Ya'acob bin Mohamed and Constance Mary Turnbull are in the database.
B. N. Rao, Yeo Hoe Koon, and Loh Sin Yun.
Jeanne recently opened a new Pizza restaurant.
Lim Tiong Ghee, Wan Kam Fook, and Alex Ong Boon Hau.
Bernard Harrison, Chen Su Lan, and Benjamin Peach Keasberry.
Elissa, Keely, and Gracia.
Nin Jiom, Take One, and Royal Umbrella.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Senoko Crescent?
Monsunabe, Navratan Korma, and Chaat Papri.
Please tell me how to get to Kwong Min Road.
Amirul, Zulkarnain, and Ibrahim.
Number sequence is S2534978B and date of birth is 12 September 2022.
Find the fastest way to Fusionopolis Link.
Is there a Singapore embassy in Comoros?
You must try bistake when you are here.
Puma, Follow Me, and YSL.
Whisper, Alfio Raldo, and Top One.
soursop, kuih bingka ubi, and vadai.
Felipa, Tina, and Wilbur.
Warren Fernandez, Chong Tze Chien, and Bey Hua Heng.
Select the fastest way to Pickering Street.
Beef Vindaloo, Carrot Halwa, and Gyoza.
PGU, ACRES, and ACS(I).
Anthony Chen
Surinam, Aina, and Farah.
What are the best restaurants in Kingston?
We studied about Abraham Logan, Sylvia Kho and Ho Yen Wah Jesmine in the class assignment.
Does stir fry chicken with black pepper taste good?
Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani, Lee Peh Gee, and Goh Eck Kheng.
Dhammakaya Centre, Palm View Primary School, and Evans Road.
Papadum, Jingisukan, and Takikomi gohan.
Vandana, Jehangirr, and Kasiviswanathan.
Where can I find the best stir fried chicken with black pepper?
Ho Hak Ean Peter, Lee Hoon Leong, and Yeo Kian Chai.
Hoops Factory
Nikujaga is very tasty.
Solomon Street, Soleil @ Sinaran, and Princess Elizabeth Primary School.
I am particular about my Rajma.
Singai Mukilan, Chan Ah Kow, and Lee Yock Suan.
Dong, Won, and Bitcoin.
Sephora, Diamond, and Pediasure.
I am meeting Heriberto at Marina Bay Residences first.
Zikri, Jebat, and Nor.
Ho Lee-Ling, Ismail Marjan, and Leslie Kee.
624,493
You must try dendeng paru when you are here.
94,237
bbq sambal sting ray, fish head curry, and murtabak lembu.
Punggol Promenade, House of Tan Yeok Nee, and Sentosa Cineblast.
How far away is Great World City West Tower from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Ong Ye Kung, Lim Fei Shen and Ip Yiu Tung!
It's about 39 minutes' walk to Simpang Bedok.
Number sequence is S1627538O and date of birth is 04 November 1940.
Please look for Calvin when you reach Huddington Avenue.
Burnice bought chendol for Phoebe.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Taipei.
It is faster to take the bus to Kallang Road.
This shop sells steamed rice cake.
2 2 7 4 1 4 5 1 0 5
Adeline Foo, Edwin Tessensohn, and Lim Yew Hock.
Vigilante Drive, Jalan Senang, and Kampong Kayu Road.
Olympus, Popeyes, and Esso.
What is the fastest way to Andorra la Vella?
Lorinda, Baby, and Jahiem.
What is the fastest way to Hotel Bencoolen?
Convatec, Dermale, and Urea cream.
What is the distance to Dafne Street?
Kent Vale, Limau Grove, and Shunfu Road.
Tata, Lata, and Renu.
Regin Hotel
I am waiting for Conrad to come back from The Salvation Army Peacehaven.
Rayyan, Zikri, and Azura.
Alu Gobi, Ladoo, and Lamb Vindaloo.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Mak Lai Peng Christine, Jack Neo and Siti Khalijah.
R. A. Hamid, Ishak bin Ahmad, and Hartinah Ahmad.
8669 0124
Olen recently opened a new thosai restaurant.
John Turnbull Thomson, Tom Phillips, and Arthur Fong.
Mobot, Perllini&Mel, and Skull Candy.
I knew a person who has met both Dan Ying and Alfred Eric.
Bill Chen, Tan Thoon Lip, and John Fearns Nicoll.
Lim Soo Ngee, Baey Yam Keng, and William H. Read.
Soka, Police National Service Department, and Riviera.
Eu Cheng Li Phyllis, Cecil Clementi, and George Dromgold Coleman.
Choa Chu Kang Road, Nanyang Walk, and Presbyterian Church.
How much is Ravioli?
Number sequence is T3205986T and date of birth is 29 June 1930.
Supravit, Redoxon, and Baritex cream.
There is a food court selling Takikomi gohan behind Faye's house.
Jiles, Bev, and Mariam.
T2DUXA
Singapore Hotel Association, Yung Ho Road, and Limbok Terrace.
dark chocolate dipped churro, ghee thosai, and murtabak lembu.
Number sequence is S8765043P and date of birth is 29 March 1949.
Nothing beats having stream grouper in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Kim Tian Place?
I am meeting Gerda at Moh Guan Terrace first.
How long does it take to get to Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan by taxi?
twenty past ten in the morning
MBS, SPC, and HDB.
Stefanie Sun, Othman Wok, and Isa Kamari.
briyani dum is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Asmara.
Naomi Tan, Khoo Cheng Tiong, and Ruben Pang.
I can't eat all of this Lime Pickle.
Where is Greenmead Avenue?
Fajitas, Minestrone, and Hiyashi chuka.
969th
Chong Pang Combined Temple, Bukit Batok Street, and Pathlight School.
This is the best bbq sotong that I can find.
What is the distance to Lucky Crescent?
kuih kochi, dark chocolate dipped churro, and sambal belacan.
What are the landmarks near East Church Road?
Loh Ah Chee, Sir Shenton Thomas, and Amanda Heng.
Abdul Aziz Pakkeer Mohamed, Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth, and Jamit Singh.
Masala Dosa is well-known in my hometown.
Wee Lin, Deborah Ong Hui Min, and G.Kandasamy.
How much is teochew porridge?
Glen Goei, Ida Simmons, and Abraham Frankel.
Malabar Street, Cook Street, and York Hill.
Yap Ee Chian, Lambert, and Che Dah Mohamed Noor.
Are there food courts or restaurants near School of The Arts?
Beatty Road, Jalan Tua Kong, and Mattar Road.
VF4TSZ
This is the best fried pumpkin prawns that I can find.
Fish and Chips, Breadsticks, and Makchang gui.
Syreeta, Sarita, and Johathan.
How far away is Whampoa East from here?
Please show me the way to Neo Tiew Lane.
prata strawberry is a must-try.
Nippon Paint, Love & Co., and Bia.
Alex Josey, Dan Ying, and Jeremy Monteiro.
How long does it take to get to Margate Road by taxi?
lemon barley drink, crispy golden brown mantou, and kambing soup.
How do I get to Belmont Road?
Number sequence is S4538627B and date of birth is 23 May 1984.
8162 3944
Please look for Brady when you reach Silat Road Sikh Temple.
Toh Liying, Sarkasi Said, and Sundarajulu Lakshmana Perumal.
Leamon loves Jokbal.
Constance Sheares, Chor Yeok Eng, and Joan Hon.
I am meeting Sonny at APSN Tanglin Special School first.
What is the fastest way to Buroh Drive?
Koh Eng Kian, Lim Swee Lian Sylvia, and Chan Chin Bock.
What are the landmarks near Suffolk Road?
Nothing beats having Spaghetti Bolognese in the summer.
Show me the way to Tanjong Pagar Railway Station.
How do I get to Lorong Stangee?
It is faster to take the bus to Singapore Immunology Network.
Can I take the MRT to Overseas Union Bank Centre?
Charles Burton Buckley, Koh Mui Hiang Julie, and R. Ramachandran.
Kang Siong Joo, Murray Buttrose, and Christopher Henry Rothwell.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Fidelio Circus?
GNC, Einmilk, and Fisherman's friend.
Alejandra, Loris, and Hart.
Please show me the way to Serangoon Junior College.
By using names such as Michael Fam, Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir and Yeo Siak Goon -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Jalan Taman, Ocean Financial Centre, and Eber Road.
Can I take the MRT to Springwood Close?
Number sequence is T2670981Q and date of birth is 26 May 1983.
Agnes, Gerhardt, and Antoinette.
Centrum is on promotion.
Del Monte, Marigold, and Take One.
Could you tell me the way to Moonbeam Terrace?
I am meeting Dillan at Morse Road first.
Select the fastest way to Neythai Road.
08 Dec. 2019 23:33:51
Ravioli, Oden, and Salsa.
Bratwurst, Yakizakana, and Kheema.
Clementi Public
There is a food court selling bee hoon soup behind Wardell's house.
Siew Shaw Her, Hri Kumar Nair, and Maurice Baker.
Could you tell me the way to Suffolk Road?
What is the latest Cartigain product?
Where is the best view in Jordan?
I am waiting for Renada to come back from Jalan Damai.
Please look for Exie when you reach Mount Gerizim Bible.
04 Dec. 1920 21:59:19
How many calories does a serving of Alu Gobi have?
How long does it take to get to Sky@eleven by taxi?
Mohamed Ismail Hussain, Ruben Pang, and Ted De Ponti.
chin chow grass jelly, chicken feet, and rendang.
Where is Selarang Ring Road?
This is the best Chicken Pasta that I can find.
Jurong East Avenue, Chen Lien Bible Seminary, and The Ardennes Hotel.
Please tell me how to cook Motoyaki.
Nutren, Berocca, and Baritex cream.
nonya fish head, sweet and sour deep fried fish, and kueh kasturi.
Social Development Network, Mountbatten Fire Post, and St Wilfred Road.
Kuo Pao Kun, Ng Woon Lam, and Leslie Tay.
Can I take a bus to Telok Kurau Road?
How long will it take to walk to Limau Garden?
Jalan Jambu Mawar, Marina Mandarin, and Maria Avenue.
What is the distance to Pasir Laba Road?
Select the fastest way to Outward Bound Ubin Camp 1 Jetty.
teh tarik is a traditional local cuisine.
chilli sauce clams, chinese spinach with assorted eggs, and hainanese pork chop.
This shop sells stir fried beef with black pepper.
Can I take a bus to Family and Juvenile Court?
Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School, Simei Avenue, and Springleaf.
Sonji, Little, and Claude.
singapore-style noodles, fried mantou, and roasted crispy spring chicken.
I like teh halia tarik very much.
Where can I find the best Pita?
Is Gingko popular in Singapore?
Chas, Leeann, and Maceo.
2 8 8 6 9 1 9 4 2 0
There is a food court selling aloo gobi behind Shelton's house.
Anastasia Tjendri-Liew, Lim Cherng Yih Richard and Lee Hsien Loong? You are not familiar with these names?
Recreation Lane, King's Avenue, and KPE Tunnel.
Elm Avenue, Samudera, and Riverside.
Fonda, Vallie, and Latanya.
chap chai, ginger onions pork, and sliced fish soup.
There is a food court selling Nanakusa-gayu behind Elenora's house.
It's about 26 minutes' walk to National Museum of Singapore.
Vic, Tana, and Velvet.
tauge ikan masin is very tasty.
Mason bought fried chicken for Norwood.
I can't eat all of this murtabak kambing.
Lim Quee Hong Daisy, Low Kway Song, and Goh Teck Phuan.
Can I take the MRT to Changi Village Road?
Do you know how to cook liu sha bao?
Sanjuana loves butter prawns.
Sanjuanita, Dashawn, and Aimee.
How much is fried garoupa?
Maili Kofta, Barfi, and Taco Salad.
soursop, satay babat, and salted egg yolk calamari.
Does Bibimbap taste good?
G5RWB8
Tan Kek Hiang, Li Hui Cheng, and Lee Seng Tee.
The class assignment was to study about Warren Fernandez, Ravinder Singh and Edwin Tong Chun Fai.
Kwa Soon Bee, Charles Emmerson, and Moulavi Babu Sahib.
Jalebi, Lamb Vindaloo, and Ladoo.
Imbiah Hill Road, Ang Mo Kio Fire Station, and Windsor Nursing Home.
Enjoy your telur mata lembu.
Law Link
Zhu Hong, Sitoh Yih Pin, and Kesavan Soon.
Osvaldo is dropping me off at Woodlands Waterfront Promenade.
Gogreen Cycle & Island Explorer, The Cabinet & Cabinet Office, and Kian Teck Way.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Sir Shenton Thomas and Brigadier Ivan Simson.
Gallop Circus, China Street, and Telok Ayer Street.
Do you know where is Lien Ying Chow Drive?
Nin Jiom, Alpen, and Sunshine.
Gyros is a must-try.
on the morning of the twelfth
G.Kandasamy, Murali Pillai, and Amy Khor.
Izaiah, Brielle, and Malaki.
Where can I find the best kuih syara?
How far away is Jalan Jurong Kechil from here?
16 Collyer Quay, The Arte @ Thomson, and Airport Health Office.
Hougang Central, Pemimpin Place, and Japanese Association of Singapore.
A series of biographies about Seow Peck Leng, Chia Kwek Fah and Jackie Yi-Ru Ying was recently published.
8957 7782
Shui Lan, Rosaline Chan-Pang, and Gan Thiam Poh.
Mediterranean Penne, Masala Dosa, and Spaghetti Bolognese.
I am particular about my kueh bakar pandan.
Kasinadhuni, Rohit, and Ramchundra.
Show me the way to Sixth Crescent.
How many calories does a serving of fish soup bee hoon have?
There are stories about S. Varathan, Elim Chew and George Oehlers in the database.
Race Course Road, Yew Hua Boarding House, and Samudera.
I am flying to Iceland now. See you soon.
Ibis Singapore Novena, Adis Road, and Rochalie Drive.
Where is Senoko Avenue?
Rahimah Rahim, Yeo Song Nian, and Vincent Leow.
9230 8506
lemon barley drink is a must-try.
Number sequence is S0697248J and date of birth is 13 July 1996.
MOM, ECP, and MOF.
Edwin Siew
Godwin Koay, Ng Yak Whee, and Choo Keng Kwang.
1664, Durex, and Kirei Kirei.
Dontae, Tamera, and Keshaun.
Roxanne, Hildred, and Alexa.
DJ, GRC, and IB.
Rey bought Naan for Wilbert.
Wiebe Wolters, Al Lim, and Chew Chor Meng.
The people included in the list are Sophia Cooke, Sarah Winstedt and Lim Hwee Hua.
SecCom, CAAS, and SNB.
Find the fastest way to Waterloo Hostel.
3797 1343
Phay Seng Whatt, Kelvin Tan, and Dhershini Govin Winodan.
177,488
Which bus should I take to Goldhill View?
3112 0565
Chua Chong Long, Ang Wei Neng, and Saravanan Gopinathan.
Tell me the price of Cham-Cham.
Dollah Kassim, Bernice Wong, and Denis Santry.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Marina Coastal Expressway?
Show me the way to Management Development institute of Singapore.
Sherwin recently opened a new kaya toast restaurant.
Seoul Garden, Lotte, and Babyliss.
It is faster to take the bus to Gateway Link.
Jurong East MRT Station, Orchard Towers, and Holland Grove Lane.
I like ban mian very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Rita Zahara and Yong Nyuk Lin.
David Marshall, Liu Thai Ker, and Khoo Seok Wan.
6946 0391
IPPT, ACJC, and NCS.
Kwek Leng Joo, Goh Boon Teck, and Ooi Kok Chuen.
You must try Pulao when you are here.
Sapporo, Dolce and Gabbana, and Jergens.
Rogan Josh, Salsa, and Jingisukan.
Number sequence is T7483102E and date of birth is 13 April 1946.
I am particular about my chwee kueh.
Do you know how to cook Alu Matar?
3M, Kimball, and Super.
Bernard Francis James, John Le Cain, and Yeo Cheow Tong.
Gurmeet, Mahade, and Rajesh.
Laurence Nunns Guillemard, Ong Kian Peng, and Ahmad Jais.
X3YZBA
Lu Ming-Teh Earl, Halimah Yacob, and Twisstii.
How do I get to Hillview Avenue?
chwee kueh is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook chinese spinach.
James Wong Tuck Yim and Zainal Abidin has met this person that I know of.
Perrier, Eversoft, and Nene Chicken.
SEAB, ISEAS, and NRF.
Imoni, Dak Galbi, and Jokbal.
7 3 0 9 9 8 0 4 3 4
Neo Pee Teck Lane, Jalan Geneng, and Kallang Paya Lebar Expressway.
What are the landmarks near Choa Chu Kang Avenue?
Chaz is dropping me off at Ardmore Park.
Geraldton, Philips, and Kipling.
Do you know where is Alexandra Retail Centre?
Madelene, Breanne, and Unnamed.
Pang Teck Joon
Crave, Beauty People, and Soundteoh.
Selsun, Hygin X, and Ezerra.
Sai Hua Kuan, Dan Ying, and Se Ve Shanmugam.
Edwin Siew, John Fearns Nicoll, and Hoey Choo.
I can't eat all of this dark chocolate dipped churro.
half seven
Etter, Marisol, and Dimple.
Kettle, Range Rover, and Olay.
Inderjit Singh, Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai, and Punch Coomaraswamy.
Please look for Claire when you reach Orchard Shopping Centre.
Please tell me how to get to Pearl Bank.
Samgyeopsal, Beef Galbi, and Tonkatsu.
What is Saint George's famous for?
lala is very tasty.
I am waiting for Wilma to come back from Serangoon Central Drive.
Number sequence is T5897123Q and date of birth is 06 August 1953.
Do you know where is Bukit Gombak MRT Station?
Chua Chim Kang, Song Hoot Kiam, and Peter Fu.
Major loves Soba.
I am waiting for Avon to come back from South Perimeter Road.
Binchang Rise, Berean Assembly of God Church, and Lorong Ah Thia.
Find the fastest way to Hua Song Museum.
Janie bought Maili Kofta for Almeda.
Singapore Power Training Institute
Tian De Temple, Jamiyah Children's Home, and The Keong Saik Hotel.
Foo Tee Jun, Chia Kiah Hong Steve, and Justin Zhuang.
I like Kulfi very much.
Middlesex Road, Beo Crescent, and Watten Drive.
NUH, AMK, and CBD.
Tell me the price of lobster porridge.
Kouo Shang-Wei, Lim Chuan Poh, and Lien Ying Chow.
Which bus should I take to Jalan Srantan?
Leslie Tay, Chan Chee Seng, and Eugene Tan Kheng Boon.
4,531
kopi, nasi lemak, and kuih ubi kayu.
Centre for Employability Skills, Circuit Link, and Pasir Panjang View.
What is the easiest way to Bugis Street?
Orah, Aliana, and Cayden.
Abraham Logan, Dick Lee, and Mohan Singh.
0 5 5 3 1 4 4 3 7 9
Tigerbalm is one of the leading brands.
Tan Si Chong Su, Anchorvale Walk, and ITE College East.
Eunos Fire Post, Butterworth Lane, and Guan Soon Avenue.
This shop sells Tonkatsu.
MeraPrime, Hendon Road, and Soleil @ Sinaran.
fried grouper, fried oyster, and chicken bee hoon.
Ong Sam Leong, Lim Wee Kiak, and Tan Swie Hian.
Jalan Binjai, Marshall Road, and One Raffles Quay South Tower.
Tigerbalm is loved by its customers worldwide.
Felipa is dropping me off at Cathedral of the Good Shepherd.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Joon Hiang Road?
How many calories does a serving of roti john daging have?
Marcus, Asberry, and Braulio.
Kew Lane, Sengkang Sculpture Park, and Narcotics Control Bureau.
OEY2PK
Are there food courts or restaurants near Sime Road?
Dayang, Farah, and Nabila.
Thomas Shelford, K. Shanmugam, and Jose D'Almeida.
Do you know how to cook nutella tart?
ma lai gao, dim sum, and sago gula melaka.
Nothing beats having frog porridge in the summer.
Bliss Hotel Singapore
Please show me the way to SkyTerrace@Dawson.
6,628
How long will it take to walk to Nanyang Drive?
I am thinking of visiting Micronesia. Can you go with me?
CWS, DSTA, and WDA.
Edgardo recently opened a new Tacos restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Jalan Jong.
SDP, LT, and SQ.
Quaker, Chevrolet, and Bia.
How long will it take to walk to Dairy Farm Road?
Josef Ng, Ho Yuen Hoe, and Faridah Hanum.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Angela Liong, Edwy Lyonet Talma, and Janet Lim.
S. S. Ratnam, K. Jayamani, and Aaron Maniam.
pig fallopian tubes, sugar cane juice, and rempeyek.
Please tell me how to cook murtabak kambing.
Is Czechia a nice place?
It's about 35 minutes' walk to Jalan Kandis.
Lorong Salleh, Thomson Plaza, and Genting Link.
Cherian George, Benedict Tan, and Cheong Siew Keong.
Spaghetti Bolognese, Sambar, and Uthapam.
Could you tell me the way to Imbiah Road?
Amira is dropping me off at Abingdon Road.
The National Equestrian Park
Lee Tzu Pheng, Hamed Ismail, and Simon Tay Seong Chee.
Yusof Ishak Secondary School, Caldecott Close, and Jalan Berjaya.
Onigiri is a traditional local cuisine.
Ho Yuen Hoe, Ibrahim Awang, and Baey Yam Keng.
Number sequence is S1895732M and date of birth is 03 October 2003.
Hyoscine Butylbromide, Tussils 5 Cough Lozenges, and Nasonex Mometasone Furoate Nasal Spray.
Enjoy your garlic naan.
19 Jun. 1947 23:42:10
Vivien Quahe-Seah Mei Lin, Neo Ah Luan, and Low Swee Chen.
Tan Hwee Hwee, Tsung Yeh, and Chong Tze Chien.
6501 1096
Which bus should I take to Eunos Crescent?
Jenny loves Medu Vada.
Keppel Towers, Pasir Ris Town, and Hertford Road.
George Oehlers, Robert Goh, and G. P. Selvam.
Rosario recently opened a new century egg restaurant.
Chong Tze Chien, Zeng Shouyin, and B. R. Sreenivasan.
Melissa Kwee, Marie Ethel Bong, and Han Fook Kwang.
Jim, Nolen, and Byron.
Pilot, Pocari Sweat, and Casio.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Technology Crescent?
Udon, Onion Pakora, and Beef Galbi.
Robert Tan Jee Keng, Anne Wong Holloway, and Harbans Singh.
Please tell me how to get to Reservoir Road.
Adam, Ain, and Ammir.
Number sequence is T4602317M and date of birth is 22 December 1925.
Find the fastest way to Qifa Primary School.
What is Grenada famous for?
Hansaplast, Owndays, and Kiwi.
Nike, Bakerzin, and The Old Malaya Cafe.
chicken bee hoon, egg tart, and bbq sotong.
Karissa, Catherine, and Hosie.
G. P. Selvam, Jack Neo, and Darryl David.
Select the fastest way to Gillman Heights.
Gyros, Jalebi, and Gobchang gui.
PSA, NAS, and EWL.
Liang Court
I would like to visit Havana.
We studied about Tony Tan Keng Joo, Jiang Hu and Neo Anngee in the class assignment.
Does air karthira taste good?
Thio Chan Bee, Wee Cho Yaw, and Yeng Pway Ngon.
Chitty Road, Ardmore Park, and Margoliouth Road.
Fettuccine Alfredo, Zosui, and Nikujaga.
Vishal, Amitabh, and Dev.
Where can I find the best bbq sotong?
Constance Sheares, Ng Yat Chuan, and Han Fook Kwang.
Teriyaki is very tasty.
I am particular about my Okinawa soba.
Yeo Ah Seng, Halimah Yacob, and Sir Frank Swettenham.
Won, Rupiah, and CAD.
Armani Exchange, Horti, and Gogo.
I am meeting Darian at Mei Hwan Crescent first.
Amirul, Jebat, and Zafran.
Koh Hoon Teck, Prabhakara Jimmy Quek, and Saiedah Said.
9,588,120
You must try matcha red bean shaved ice when you are here.
850,179
serunding, deep fried fish with sweet and sour sauce, and kueh kemboja.
Dalvey Estate, Overseas Union Bank Centre, and Raglan Grove.
How far away is Yayasan Mendaki from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Thomas Yeo, Goh Eck Kheng and Han Yong Hong!
It's about 30 minutes' walk to Park Avenue Rochester.
Number sequence is S6918054V and date of birth is 08 June 1989.
Please look for Nelly when you reach Seletar Airport.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Colombo.
It is faster to take the bus to Newton GEMS North.
This shop sells telur dadah.
2 7 1 3 0 9 3 0 2 7
I12 Katong, Sembawang Wharves Gate, and Ridgewood Close.
Cheers, Vita Coco, and Range Rover.
Show me the best hotels in Port of Spain.
Verena, Andres, and Kaylah.
What is the fastest way to Pemimpin Drive?
Enervon, Panadol, and Blephagel.
What is the distance to Jalan Teck Whye?
South Buona Vista Road, Anson Road, and United World College of South East Asia.
Koratala, Smriti, and Veerapandiya.
Guillemard Crescent
I am waiting for Brittny to come back from Singapore Shooting Association.
Tai Seng Street, Tai Hwan Walk, and Equarius Hotel.
Tonkatsu, Kulfi, and Fish and Chips.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Thomas Yeo, Salleh Japar and Shirin Fozdar.
Lim Boon Keng, Madhavi Krishnan, and Foo Chee Han.
8942 5279
Guadalupe recently opened a new duck rice restaurant.
Zhang Bohe, Goh Cheng Liang, and Abdul Kadir Syed.
Yamaha, OWL, and YOU C1000.
I knew a person who has met both Han Fook Kwang and Yaacob Ibrahim.
Genevieve Chua, Lim Kim San David, and James Wong Tuck Yim.
Revival Centre Church, Broadrick Secondary School, and PIL Building.
Thomas Shelford, Jiang Hu, and Frank Wilmin Brewer.
Jalan Samarinda, Jalan Chempedak, and Asia Square North Tower.
Number sequence is S8134726O and date of birth is 31 March 2001.
Tell me the price of custard puff.
Vagisil, Nepro, and Avene.
There is a food court selling teh halia tarik behind Ines' house.
Trace, Qiana, and Carolyne.
SWXF1D
Number sequence is T3168750P and date of birth is 08 April 2006.
Nothing beats having curry fish head in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Manjusri Secondary School?
I am meeting Ena at Kelantan Road first.
How long does it take to get to Cardiff Grove by taxi?
SBS, EWL, and AYE.
Does butter prawn taste good?
Tan Chay Yan, G.Kandasamy, and Wong Heck Sing.
bee hoon soup is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to No official capital.
Lee Kuan Yew, Ho Hong Sing, and Goh Soo Khim.
I can't eat all of this Tempura.
Where is Pearl Bank Apartment?
Raita, Idili, and Masala Dosa.
Hawaii Hostel, Lofi Inn at Hamilton, and Chin Swee Road.
This is the best kambing soup that I can find.
What is the distance to Upper Jurong Road?
sweet and sour deep fried fish, murtabak lembu, and belacan.
What are the landmarks near Clementi Road?
Remy Ong, Chew Choo Keng, and Robin Tessensohn.
Lee Seng Huat, Jennifer Tham, and Chau Sik Ting.
Gyoza is well-known in my hometown.
Evon Kow, Simon Wee, and Leonard Montague Harrod.
How much is tau huay?
Arthur Lim, Tan Eng Joo, and Goh Rui Si Theresa.
Bioinformatics Institute, T1 Basement Drive, and Junction 9.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Walshe Road?
Fajar Secondary School, Admiralty West Prison, and The Windsor.
This is the best cuttlefish kang kong that I can find.
Kimchi jjigae, Monsunabe, and Nachos.
Lanny, Shemar, and Kristy.
How far away is Singapore Film Commission from here?
Please show me the way to Race Course Road.
kambing soup is a must-try.
Singha, Hardy's, and Sunsweet.
Hon Sui Sen, Zai Kuning, and Ahmad Jaafar.
How long does it take to get to Sri Sivan Temple by taxi?
roti john daging, ikan bakar, and tapak kuda.
How do I get to Outram Polyclinic?
Number sequence is T2673094E and date of birth is 03 September 2025.
9585 5830
Please look for Hester when you reach Lorong Batawi.
Chin Harn Tong, Ong Poh Lim, and Joan Hon.
Glen loves wonton mee.
3549 8422
Tracie Pang, Yeo Hwee Bin, and Wong Kwei Cheong.
I am meeting Jaron at Ridout Road first.
What is the fastest way to Lee Ah Mooi Old Age Home?
Ida Simmons, Kwa Soon Bee, and Chan Choy Siong.
What are the landmarks near Ramakrishna Mission Boys' Home?
Nothing beats having Deodeok gui in the summer.
Show me the way to Jalan Gumilang.
How do I get to Link Road?
It is faster to take the bus to Ling Kwang Home for Senior Citizens.
Can I take the MRT to Hotels Licensing Board?
Chin Harn Tong, R. A. Hamid, and Chua Joon Siang.
Tan Che Sang, Suratman Markasan, and Wang Sui Pick.
Are there food courts or restaurants near T2 Basement Drive?
Betsy, Kodak, and Lotte.
Ahmed, Callie, and Ophelia.
Please show me the way to Stevens Road.
By using names such as Dollah Kassim, Lui Pao Chuen and Tan Ser Cher -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Can I take the MRT to Cemetry North St 16?
Number sequence is T2956741C and date of birth is 10 September 1961.
Which Manicare product is the best-selling?
Tangs, Toy Outpost, and Alive.
Could you tell me the way to Tembeling Lane?
01 Apr. 2008 19:14:46
Gyoza, Chapati, and Kimbap.
Tekkadon, Salsa, and Sauerkraut.
Singapore Taxi Academy
There is a food court selling Okonomiyaki behind Manilla's house.
P. Ramlee, Tan Ban Soon, and Sonny Liew.
Could you tell me the way to CHIJ Saint Nicholas Girls?
I trust Tigerbalm.
What can I do in Indonesia?
I am waiting for Michale to come back from Huddington Avenue.
Please look for Brenton when you reach Jalan Batu.
14 Mar. 1935 09:57:10
How many calories does a serving of Guacamole have?
How long does it take to get to Topaz Road by taxi?
Rex Shelley, Chan Khun Sing Joseph, and Chua Soo Khim.
yao cai bak kut teh, cuttlefish kang kong, and sambal lala.
Where is Soo Chow Garden Road?
BD, Ezerra, and Isocal.
This is the best Yaki udon that I can find.
Please tell me how to cook Banh Mi.
Floxia, Physiogel, and Nutren.
lemper ayam, pork knuckle, and yam talam.
Chong Ghee Temple, Hoy Fatt Road, and Royal Selangor.
Mardan Mamat, Manasseh Meyer, and Lim Nang Seng.
Can I take a bus to Hostel Sleep Delight?
How long will it take to walk to Jurong West Street 42?
Science Park, Singapore Consortium of Cohort Studies, and Anchorvale Drive.
What is the distance to Goodwood Road?
Select the fastest way to Lorong Marican.
ban mian is a traditional local cuisine.
steamed grouper, sweet and sour prawns, and kueh kasturi.
This shop sells durian pengat.
Can I take a bus to Residences @ Evelyn?
Min Chong Comfort Home, Wilby Road, and Lorong Bekukong.
chin chow drink, murtabak lembu, and pig organ soup.
I like peanut paste very much.
Where can I find the best Rogan Josh?
What can I use Natura Stoma for?
Aubra, Brisa, and Rich.
5 7 0 3 9 3 7 1 8 6
There is a food court selling Pork Bulgogi behind Latricia's house.
Koh Hoon Teck, Paulin Tay Straughan and Desmond Kon? You are not familiar with these names?
Bayfront Drive, Suntec City, and Walshe Road.
There is a food court selling Bibimbap behind Eleanora's house.
Adalyn, Samson, and Paulo.
yao cai ji tang is very tasty.
Treyton, Darby, and Arah.
Bertrand bought Ochazuke for Andria.
I can't eat all of this nasi lemak.
Sim Wong Hoo, Halimah Yacob, and Vanessa-Mae.
Can I take the MRT to Village Hotel Albert Court?
Dosia loves lotus leaf chicken.
ondeh ondeh, nasi goreng, and black pepper chicken.
Does Okinawa soba taste good?
ALEV9U
Louis Chen, Ong Tjoe Kim, and Eu Keng Mun Richard.
The class assignment was to study about Ho Hong Sing, Humphrey Morrison Burkill and Bani Haykal.
John Le Cain, George Sita, and Ishak bin Ahmad.
Okinawa soba, Guacamole, and Chana Masala.
Fortune Students Hostel, Soluxe Inn, and Minbu Road.
Tai Hwan Drive
Lau Poo Seng Raymond, Elim Chew, and David Ong Kim Huat.
Marlie is dropping me off at Singapore Kwangtung Hui Kuan.
Bukit Panjang South Neighbourhood Police Post, Orange Grove Road, and Yew Tee Close.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including George Collyer and Che Dah Mohamed Noor.
Do you know where is Lorong Pisang Asam?
Chapati is a must-try.
next tuesday
Yuva Bharati International School, St Nicholas View, and Jalan Payoh Lai.
Lavonia, Jazmine, and Bianca.
Where can I find the best chilli crab?
How far away is MacPherson Neighbourhood Police Post from here?
Changi South Avenue, Ngee Ann Polytechnic, and Elliot Walk.
Liuxun Sanhemiao, How Sun Avenue, and Parry Walk.
A series of biographies about Lut Ali, Yong Pung How and Christopher Tan was recently published.
8279 3182
Hummus, Samosa, and Idili.
I am particular about my ondeh ondeh.
Atal, Neila, and Vishal.
Show me the way to Hillview Drive.
How many calories does a serving of kaki ayam have?
Siloso Road, Lorong Lada Puteh, and Katong Square.
Super 8 Hotel, Tengah Avenue, and Jalan Wakaff.
Where is Somapah Road?
A. Ramli, Sang Nila Utama, and Said Zahari.
8942 0276
red bean soup is a must-try.
Number sequence is T7621490F and date of birth is 19 January 1976.
ACS, DJ, and TCMPB.
La Mode Hotel
Twinings, Gold Kili, and Onkyo.
UOB, PT, and SPF.
EMA, PSD, and HTSCI.
Find the fastest way to Saint Andrew's Community Hospital.
3059 3903
1,403
6435 1541
Sundaresh Menon, Yeo Hwee Bin, and Bong Hiong Hwa.
Show me the way to Jinshan Hotel.
Cowhead, Magnum, and Formula One.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Teck Whye.
Mowbray Camp, Kallang Distripark, and Wan Lee Road.
I like air zam-zam very much.
SecCom, BMT, and NCDCC.
You must try Kushiyaki when you are here.
Number sequence is S7038641T and date of birth is 01 December 1973.
Do you know how to cook Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara?
Jollibee, Ezion, and Michael Trio.
Cherian George, Abdul Aleem Siddique, and Annabel Pennefather.
Sim Yi Hui, Thomas Yeo, and Ang Chwee Chai.
mooncake is a traditional local cuisine.
Please tell me how to cook kwetiau goreng.
Catherine Lim and Lut Ali has met this person that I know of.
Bia, Dr Oetker, and Fujifilm.
NDP, LUP, and WP.
Miso Soup, Butter Chicken, and Sauerkraut.
5 3 0 3 2 9 6 8 0 5
Orchard Central, Autism Resource Centre, and Peng Nguan Street.
What are the landmarks near Chepstow Close?
Kurtis is dropping me off at Mulberry Avenue.
Chewy junior, Lamborghini, and Kane Mochi.
Do you know where is Personal Data Protection Commission?
Leonard, Danna, and Devon.
Lorong Kembang
Lucky Bin Bin, Toast Box, and Skechers.
Propass, Obimin, and Tena.
Winston Choos, Adrian Tan, and John Le Cain.
Lee Chin Koon, Han Yong May, and Song Ong Siang.
I can't eat all of this sambal kangkong.
next saturday
Veet, Jack & Jones, and Mr teh tarik.
Herbert Eleuterio, Navroji R. Mistri, and Lim Quee Hong Daisy.
Please look for Derik when you reach Peakville Grove.
Please tell me how to get to Treasure Island.
Pulao, Ravioli, and Katsu Tendon.
What is Edinburgh famous for?
hum chim peng is very tasty.
I am waiting for Raekwon to come back from Bethesda Hall.
Number sequence is T5913482E and date of birth is 06 May 2003.
Do you know where is Public Transport Council?
Joan Hon, Yap Ee Chian, and Chua Thian Poh.
Shaun loves Panang Curry.
I am waiting for Jerrell to come back from Cottesmore Road.
Find the fastest way to Bugis Street.
Theophile bought Oden for Mell.
Hampshire Road, Millennia Institute, and Dyson Road.
Chay Jung Jun Mark, Wong Heck Sing, and Tan Beng Swee.
I like Samgeyopsal very much.
Niraj, Elattuvalapil, and Verghese.
Tell me the price of min chiang kueh.
Sundaresh Menon, Yeo Kim Seng, and Goh Keng Swee.
Which bus should I take to Cityscape @ Farrer Park?
Chia Kwek Fah, C.Kunalan, and Tan Choo Kai.
salted egg prawns, murtabak, and teochew porridge.
What is the cheapest way to Dairy Farm Crescent?
Lily Neo, Tan Choo Kai, and Andrew Clarke.
9 0 9 6 0 3 5 5 3 4
I'm a loyal customer of Cetrimide.
Jalan Telang, Jalan Gelenggang, and Cathedral of the Good Shepherd.
One Raffles Quay North Tower, Sunbird Avenue, and Temasek Junior College.
This shop sells Kimchi jjigae.
chi kak kuih, fishball noodle soup, and hainanese curry rice.
Andrew Lee, Ragunathar Kanagasuntheram, and Wan Soon Bee.
Harbourfront Place, Plush Pods, and Gul Crescent.
Nepro is loved by its customers worldwide.
Barnett is dropping me off at Corporation Rise.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Park Crescent?
How many calories does a serving of murtabak ayam have?
Dalia, Rayan, and Krystina.
Neram Crescent, Institute of BioEngineering & Nanotechnology, and Angullia Park.
1CL6EU
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Piring?
James Wong, Lee Peh Gee, and Yeo Song Nian.
Do you know how to cook shan rui tang?
claypot crab bee hoon soup, ayam penyet, and fishball noodle.
Nothing beats having nasi sambal goreng in the summer.
Please show me the way to Jurong East Street.
8,768
How long will it take to walk to Paterson Hill?
What currency does Gabon use?
TRANSCOM, EZ-LINK, and ORD.
Victory recently opened a new Ravioli restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Kim Seng Park.
AETOS, NSDGO, and GRC.
Bank of China, Mistral, and Nestlé.
How long will it take to walk to Boundary Road?
Hartinah Ahmad, Eric Khoo, and Koeh Sia Yong.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Richard Eric Holttum, Lynnette Seah, and Wee Tian Siak.
Maggie Lim, Soon Ai Ling, and Francis Ng.
nasi padang, ice kacang, and tang yuen with peanut soup.
Please tell me how to cook ang ku kueh.
I would like to travel to Hong Kong. What is the fastest way there?
It's about 31 minutes' walk to Cheong Chin Nam Road.
Fairfield Methodist School, Anchorvale Lane, and Pathlight School Campus 2.
Ho Kwon Ping, Lim Fei Shen and Ruben Pang? Are you not familiar with these names?
Jajangmyeon, Lentil soup, and Gulab Jamun.
Could you tell me the way to Kee Choe Avenue?
Yong Mun Chee
Martin Yan, Denis D'Cotta, and Kay Das.
Bloxhome Drive, Jalan Merlimau, and Marshall Lane.
Takoyaki is a traditional local cuisine.
Number sequence is T5640372D and date of birth is 06 May 1938.
8820 1614
Enjoy your butter calamari.
1 1 9 3 6 0 6 2 0 4
Tan Seng Poh, Lee Siew Choh, and Yeh Chi Wei.
Sidek bin Saniff, Dollah Majid, and Tan Jiak Kim.
3810 6537
Which bus should I take to Maranta Avenue?
Lovisa, McVitie's, and Owndays.
Enjoy your Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara.
Owen loves Onion Pakora.
Tan Eng Liang, Yip Pin Xiu, and Alexander Wolters.
Katia recently opened a new Banh Mi restaurant.
Ang Ah Tee, Ong Kim Seng, and Ruben Pang.
Wong Heck Sing, Fatimah Lateef, and Ho Rih Hwa.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Woke Home Capsule Hostel?
Makchang gui, Kheer, and Onigiri.
Please tell me how to get to Upper Serangoon Shopping Centre.
Number sequence is T7450268S and date of birth is 13 June 1955.
Find the fastest way to Cowdray Avenue.
How about a tour in Algeria?
You must try getuk getuk when you are here.
Europace, Carefree, and Loacker.
Prego, Mizuno, and Asahi.
lemper ayam, baby squid, and lontong.
Corey, Ora, and Nedra.
Chan Ah Kow, Sam Tan Chin Siong, and You Jin.
Select the fastest way to Sentosa Golf Club.
Jajangmyeon, Ramen, and Masala Dosa.
CNB, PPIS, and KIV.
Jurong Secondary School
Delima, Jenab, and Nurul.
What are the best restaurants in Roseau?
We studied about Chia Ann Siang, Choo Hwee Lim and Joyce Fan in the class assignment.
Does chicken noodles taste good?
Yeo Tiam Siew, Adeline Ooi, and Lim Sun Gee.
Limau Walk, Poh Huat Road, and Akyab Road.
Raja, Manindra, and Fali.
Where can I find the best sambal kangkong?
P. Govindasamy Pillai, Koh Nguang How, and Eric Low.
Stars Avenue
Muhammadiyah Welfare Home, Leng Kwang Baptist Church, and Singapore Youth Flying Club.
Tommy Koh, S. Rajendran, and William Tan.
Peso, Ringgit, and franc.
Cathay Cineplex, Take One, and KTM.
I am meeting Gidget at Yio Chu Kang Terrace first.
Yaakob, Noah, and Dara.
You must try sweet and sour deep fried fish when you are here.
573,921
beancurd with assorted mushrooms, ayam panggang, and sambal sotong.
Peiying Primary School, Jalan Saudara Ku, and Commerce Street.
How far away is Hawaii Tower from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Lim Tik En David, Jessica Tan Soon Neo and Alvin Tan Cheong Kheng!
It's about 22 minutes' walk to Mugliston Gardens.
Number sequence is S1324680O and date of birth is 25 October 1932.
Please look for Benito when you reach Reservoir Road.
Echo bought Jalebi for Vara.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Managua.
It is faster to take the bus to State Courts.
This shop sells chicken pocket.
8 9 1 9 6 3 2 6 2 3
Cheang Hong Lim, Oi Lin, and Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai.
Taman Jurong Park, Singapore Centre For Chinese Language, and Energy Market Authority.
Marie Claire, Eu Yan Sang, and Winter Time.
What is the fastest way to Accra?
Danyell, Halle, and Eric.
What is the cheapest way to Marine Parade Road?
Esteem stoma, Convatec, and Panadol.
What is the distance to Mimosa Vale?
Supreme Court, Jalan Durian, and Boon Lay Way.
Kasiviswanathan, Neelam, and Bilahari.
Jimmy Choo
I am waiting for Randle to come back from Jalan Novena Utara.
Haron, Diyana, and Suraya.
Canberra Crescent, Bugis+, and Vanda Avenue.
Takoyaki, Shabu-shabu, and Ochazuke.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Liu Peihe, Kam Ning and Gerard Ee.
John Morrice, Morgan Chua, and Jean Mary Marshall.
9402 8974
Deontae recently opened a new Samosa restaurant.
Edwin Koek, Low-Jimenez Felicia, and Ahmad Jaafar.
Persil, Hosen, and Challenger.
I knew a person who has met both S. Rajaratnam and Constance Singam.
Lee Kip Lin, Victor Doggett, and Tay Chee Toh.
Kovan Road, Haw Par Villa, and Braddell Road.
Gan Eng Seng, Goh Kheng Long, and Remy Ong.
Tanah Merah Besar Road, Balmoral Point, and Campbell Lane.
How much is Fritada?
Number sequence is S2049365H and date of birth is 09 September 1950.
Tell me the price of matcha red bean shaved ice.
BD, Cetrimide, and Abbott.
There is a food court selling xi ban behind Gannon's house.
Neram Road, Alexandra Terrace, and Airline Road.
Number sequence is S9347280J and date of birth is 26 November 1949.
Nothing beats having shan rui tang in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Shenton House?
I am meeting Trenton at Figaro Gardens first.
How long does it take to get to Kian Teck Road by taxi?
half past twelve
NRIC, AYE, and IR.
Does garlic naan taste good?
Punch Coomaraswamy, George Murray Reith, and P. Krishnan.
kuih kochi is well-known in my hometown.
Am I right that Prague is a capital city?
Heng Siok Tian, Hoey Choo, and Richard Olaf Winstedt.
I can't eat all of this Vermicelli.
Where is Singapore Swimming Club?
Kheema, Taco Salad, and Medu Vada.
1147th
Queenstown Lutheran Church, Ann Siang Road, and Oxley Blossom Hotel.
This is the best chai kueh that I can find.
otak-otak, mango sago, and chai kuih.
What are the landmarks near Lorong Biawak?
K. F. Seetoh, Catherine Lim, and Irene Khong.
Michael Olcomendy, Richard Corridon, and Kwok Peng Kin Francis.
Beef Vindaloo is well-known in my hometown.
Ariff Bongso, Gaurav Kripalani, and Sunny Sia.
How much is kueh ubi kayu?
Chen Chong Swee, James Puthucheary, and Ted De Ponti.
Cranborne Road, Springwood Heights, and Bedford Road.
Ang Wei Neng, Edwy Lyonet Talma, and Raman Daud.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Kong Hiap Memorial Museum?
Outward Bound Ubin Camp 1 Jetty, Ai Tong School, and Yangzheng Primary School.
2F7HGZ
This is the best pineapple tart that I can find.
Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze, Agedashi dofu, and Carbonara.
Ginny, Jiles, and Jarett.
How far away is Maxwell from here?
Please show me the way to Singapore Discovery Centre.
chicken bee hoon is a must-try.
Secret Recipe, Fanta, and Adidas.
Tan Eng Liang, William Goode, and Tan Soo Nan.
How long does it take to get to Blangah Rise Primary School by taxi?
xi ban, ikan tiga rasa, and ice kacang.
How do I get to Meng Suan Road?
Number sequence is T4586027L and date of birth is 29 March 1994.
8463 8805
Please look for Ines when you reach Mayflower Secondary School.
Arthur Ernest Percival, K. F. Seetoh, and Vincent Ng.
Jaunita loves mapo tofu.
3867 1557
Olivia Mariamne Raffles, Grace Fu, and V. Pakirisamy Pillai.
I am meeting Karina at Old Tampines Road first.
What is the fastest way to REACH?
Nothing beats having Mochi in the summer.
Show me the way to Mar Thoma Road.
How do I get to Tay Lian Teck Drive?
It is faster to take the bus to Tan Tye Place.
Can I take the MRT to Four Points By Sheraton?
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Anak Patong?
Polar, Aprilia, and Massimo Dutti.
Guss, Andra, and Stacia.
Please show me the way to Westridge Walk.
Kent Ridge Drive, Aljunied Neighbourhood Police Post, and Science Centre.
Can I take the MRT to Bali Lane?
Number sequence is T5327684T and date of birth is 03 November 1994.
Arlena, Gearldine, and Jeannette.
Burt's bee is on promotion.
La Senza, BIC, and Burnie.
332nd
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Lanjut?
I am meeting Rosita at Jalan Batalong East first.
Select the fastest way to Scotts Square.
22 Nov. 2004 06:36:38
Chicken Paprikas, Samosa, and Carrot Halwa.
Onion Pakora, Chimichangas, and Masoor Dal.
Kin Chui
There is a food court selling duck rice behind Lara's house.
Could you tell me the way to Taipei Hotel?
I would like to visit United Kingdom.
I am waiting for Tiffany to come back from Jalan Ayer.
Please look for Anton when you reach Rosyth.
07 Feb. 2001 15:56:43
How many calories does a serving of Lasagne have?
Josephine Chia, Lim Cherng Yih Richard, and Ho See Beng.
hainanese chicken rice, crispy golden brown bun, and oxtail soup.
Where is Tay Lian Teck Road?
Floxia, Vitahealth, and Nepro.
This is the best Vegetable Jalfrezi that I can find.
Whampoa Road, Henderson Crescent, and Park Central.
Please tell me how to cook Samgyeopsal.
sweet and sour pork, epok-epok kentang, and frog porridge.
Yew Tee Square, Marina Coastal Drive, and Amoy Hotel.
Charles Burton Buckley, Arthur Ernest Percival, and Abdul Samad.
Can I take a bus to Jalan Bahasa?
How long will it take to walk to West Coast?
What is the distance to Balestier Hill Shopping Centre?
wonton mee is a traditional local cuisine.
sam lau hor fun, mee rebus, and belacan.
This shop sells rice pin noodles.
Can I take a bus to Toh Tuck Park Estate?
Bolden, Almedia, and Refugio.
sugee cake, belacan, and nasi goreng ikan masin.
I like sweet and sour pork very much.
Where can I find the best Burrito?
Kordel's is having a discount.
Pleasant, Norberto, and Casimir.
6 6 1 0 7 4 5 9 0 9
There is a food court selling Chapati behind Arman's house.
Thomas Stamford Raffles, Amanda Koe Lee and Marie Ethel Bong? You are not familiar with these names?
Marina Centre, Jalan Seaview, and Dunlop Street.
Jalan Tapisan, Central Expressway, and Anchorvale Road.
Mareli, Denita, and Wilfrid.
There is a food court selling kuih manggis behind Franklin's house.
It's about 19 minutes' walk to National Museum.
Julious, Harlan, and Salvador.
sweet and sour calamari is very tasty.
Wayland, Giada, and Arizona.
Joselin bought Navratan Korma for Samatha.
I can't eat all of this soup tulang.
Chai Yee Wei, Dorothy Krishnan, and Peter Fu.
Can I take the MRT to Northlight School?
Do you know how to cook sweet and sour calamari?
Bertrand loves otah.
Berniece, Elliott, and Tyrell.
How much is mapo tofu?
salted egg pork ribs, matcha red bean shaved ice, and getuk getuk.
Does Kalguksu taste good?
3UVNK1
Maria Dyer, Tsung Yeh, and Bjorn Shen.
The class assignment was to study about Anwarul Haque, Tan Chay Yan and Gan Thiam Poh.
Rahayu Mahzam, Goh Ee Choo, and Seow Peck Leng.
Jajangmyeon, Yakitori, and Ratatouille.
Enjoy your ma lai gao.
Police K9 Unit
Ovidia Yu, Tung Yue Nang, and Chan Chew Koon Michael.
Melodee is dropping me off at Keng Kiat Street.
Our Lady of Lourdes Nursing Home, North Spring Primary School, and Mayflower Rise.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Lucy Ratnammah Samuel and Omar Ali.
Neo Tiew Lane, Jalan Belangkas, and The Beacon.
Do you know where is Bethesda Frankel Estate Church?
Revlon, Inokim, and Mayer.
midnight
Er Kwong Wah, Thomas Stamford Raffles, and Lee Shermay.
Race Course Lane, Bhai Maharaj Singh Memorial Gurdwara Temple, and Naumi Liora.
Where can I find the best gula melaka ice cream?
How far away is Sago Lane from here?
Red Brick Path, Shuang Lin Cheng Huang Temple, and Burmah Road.
Chong Ghee Temple, Eunos Crescent, and North Bridge Road.
Ian Loy, Tan Seng Yong, and Yeo Song Nian.
Chaat Papri, Tom Kha Gai, and Burrito.
I am particular about my kaya toast.
Show me the way to Pandan Loop.
How many calories does a serving of fish head bee hoon have?
There are stories about Deborah Ong Hui Min, Michelle Lim and Cindy Sim in the database.
I am looking for a tour around Slovakia.
ACS Independent Boarding School, Raffles City, and Poh Huat Drive.
Where is Caterick Road?
Chew Kheng Chuan, Lee Cheng Yan, and Lee Seng Tee.
8864 9208
Number sequence is T2057614B and date of birth is 31 December 2016.
NEA, SCORE, and NCS.
Royce, The Old Malaya Cafe, and Albertini.
SP, AJC, and ACS(I).
Destany bought e-bua for Deja.
Ong Boon Tat, Sumida Haruzo, and Pan Shou.
The people included in the list are Chen Wen Hsi, Philip Jeyaretnam and Ong Peng Hock.
CGH, LT, and SMRT.
Find the fastest way to West Coast Highway.
3305 0909
Stanley Toft Stewart, Lee Wei Song Paul, and Hwang Peng Yuan.
Which bus should I take to Chek Chai Long Chuen Temple?
6912 4658
Jack Lai, Ling Geok Choon, and Lim Yau.
Tell me the price of Jokbal.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Kampong Bahru Road?
Show me the way to Sime Road.
Kassie recently opened a new bistake restaurant.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Saudara Ku.
Society for the Aged Sick, Bugis Street, and Leedon Park.
I like salted egg yolk sotong very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Ismail Marjan and Bey Soo Khiang.
Ip Yiu Tung, Ahmad Ibrahim, and Foo Tee Jun.
6526 4309
MEWR, MRT, and CPIB.
Tay Yong Kwang, Jasmine Ser Xiang Wei, and Tan Eng Joo.
You must try Biryani when you are here.
Audio Technica, Grab, and Forever New.
Number sequence is S2843719N and date of birth is 13 December 1930.
I am particular about my black pepper chicken.
Do you know how to cook Ootoro Sushi?
Jason Chan, Abraham Solomon, and Tan Lee Leng.
Rajan, Bellur, and Chetan.
Ang Chwee Chai, Stephanie Wong, and Chia Kiah Hong Steve.
G4H3TQ
Yeo Chee Kiong, Ken Kwek, and Au Hing Yee.
How do I get to Nirvana Memorial Garden?
bak chor mee is a traditional local cuisine.
seafood bee hoon is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook kueh bingka ubi.
Chan Khun Sing Joseph and Mark Chan has met this person that I know of.
PCG, HDB, and SAJC.
Mediterranean Penne, Chicken Paprikas, and Dangojiru.
6 4 1 7 8 0 5 9 1 2
Ubi Close, Outram Polyclinic, and Hillion Mall.
What are the landmarks near Selarang Way?
Tiesha is dropping me off at Teck Whye Shopping Centre.
London Biscuits, La Famiglia, and Zara.
Do you know where is Lorong Salleh?
Verner, Chalmers, and Margy.
Yishun Avenue
Seoul Mart, Acwell, and Kewpie.
Atopiclair, Vapodrops, and Futuro.
Lynnette Seah, Lee Kuan Yew, and Ariff Bongso.
at seven AM this morning
Mohamed Taha Haji Jamil, Tan Thoon Lip, and Chen Wen Hsi.
Please look for Mohamed when you reach Seah Street.
Please tell me how to get to Paya Lebar Fire Station.
Miso Soup, Ras Malai, and Tacos.
I would like to travel to Beijing.
gado-gado is very tasty.
I am waiting for Annemarie to come back from Bishan Lane.
Do you know where is Tai Hoe Hotel?
Tan Gee Paw, Kwok Kian Chow, and Jing Jun Hong.
Amon loves Japchae.
I am waiting for Clemma to come back from The Girls Brigade.
Crowhurst Drive, Kew Avenue, and Lighthouse Beach Walk.
Find the fastest way to Mccallum Street.
Edyth bought Chorizo for Qiana.
Nanyang View
Playground at Big Splash, Jalan Tumpu, and Peirce Hill.
Elim Chew, Lee Boon Ngan, and Jannie Tay.
Ministry of Communications and Information, Jalan Suka, and Marina Centre.
AWOL, RP, and CTE.
Tell me the price of dosa.
Tay Chong Hai, Vijesh Ashok Ghariwala, and Haji Namazie, Mohd Javad.
Which bus should I take to Bishopswalk?
Xu Yuan Zhen, John Clang, and Balraj Gopal.
1,087
chi kak kuih, pig's organ soup, and bhindi masala.
Cook Street, Tai Seng Drive, and Outram Secondary School.
What is the cheapest way to Telok Blangah Road?
Jeane, Yoshio, and Corrie.
Loh Ah Chee, Abdul Kadir Ibrahim, and Harry Ord.
9 8 8 3 1 0 6 5 5 1
Cetrimide is one of the leading brands.
Police Special Operations Command, Republic Boulevard, and Bukit Batok Industrial Park.
This shop sells Motoyaki.
kway teow goreng, epok-epok kentang, and pandan cake.
Chen Show Mao, Dollah Kassim, and Tan Eng Joo.
SAFRA Game Haven, Qi Tian Gong Temple, and Jalan Labu Ayer.
Caltrate aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Lucious is dropping me off at Park Vale.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Din Pang Avenue?
How many calories does a serving of kari lemak ayam have?
SGX Centre, Maxwell Link, and Raffles Country Club.
CJ34AP
Are there food courts or restaurants near Tan Si Chong Su?
Jenab, Juwita, and Hafsa.
Fock Siew Wah, Tan Yeok Nee, and Robin Tessensohn.
Do you know how to cook youtiao?
satay babat, szechuan noodle, and steamed grouper.
Nothing beats having gudeg putih in the summer.
Jalan Sotong
Please show me the way to PSB Academy at Delta.
4,211,365
How long will it take to walk to Bukit Batok Driving & Test Centre?
What are the best places to see in Brazil?
SSG, MDA, and SGH.
Osborn recently opened a new Pretzel restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to The Quincy Hotel.
361, Hansaplast, and Ecco.
How long will it take to walk to Teban Gardens Road?
Edwin Koo, Goh Yihan, and Cheryl Noronha.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include John Crawfurd, Wang Chunde, and Dennis Tan Lip Fong.
Jerry Ng, Khatijah Surattee, and Wykidd Song.
kuih kemboja, singapore sling, and plaster prata.
Please tell me how to cook ice-cream bread.
Show me the cheapest flights to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
It's about 13 minutes' walk to Jalan Klinik.
Kang Ching Road, TreeTop Walk, and Kiew Sian King Temple.
Zubir Said, Tan Soo Nan and Tham Sien Yen? Are you not familiar with these names?
Lee Kip Lin, Michael Wong Hong Teng, and Joanna Wong Quee Heng.
Seafood Paella, Imoni, and Caramelized Maui Onion Dip.
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Sindor?
Adelard is dropping me off at Minaret Walk.
Yoguru
Kwok Peng Kin Francis, Vivien Quahe-Seah Mei Lin, and Liew Geok Leong.
Kim Seng CC, Singapore Pharmacy Council, and Kampong Glam Constituency Sports Club.
Bratwurst is a traditional local cuisine.
Lim Siong Guan, Vikram Nair, and MaxLe Blond.
Number sequence is T0496251T and date of birth is 08 January 1980.
Difflam Raspberry Lozenges, Castellani's Paint Stainless, and Dimetapp Phenylephrine Liquid.
8320 4317
Enjoy your crispy golden brown mantou.
0 9 4 8 9 2 7 5 7 4
04 Mar. 1936 05:35:51
Jean Mary Marshall, Lim Wee Kiak, and Baey Yam Keng.
Adeline Ooi, Er Kwong Wah, and Sunny Sia.
3864 5474
Which bus should I take to myVillage?
Christian Paul, Bakerzin, and Beautex.
Cheyenne loves Seafood Paella.
Lock Road, Fo Guang Shan Buddha Temple, and Changi North Way.
Suppiah Dhanabalan, Julian Yeo See Teck and Richard Tay Tian Hoe are in the database.
Han Sai Por, Ida Simmons, and Vikram Nair.
Aleta recently opened a new Ras Malai restaurant.
Tan Chuan-Jin, Ida Simmons, and Ong Sam Leong.
Raymond Kang, Leu Yew Chye, and Rudy William Mosbergen.
Adina, Georgiann, and Dejah.
Dualtron, Mr teh tarik, and Perdix.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Marina Mandarin?
Onion Pakora, Tempura, and Seafood Linguine.
Bill Chen, Adrin Loi, and Gan Thiam Poh.
Please tell me how to get to Bedford Road.
Khatijah, Atiqah, and Taufik.
Number sequence is T4785016D and date of birth is 16 November 1995.
Find the fastest way to Rivervale Close.
I want to travel to Sao Tome and Principe. What should I take note of?
You must try mung bean fritters when you are here.
Overrun, Watsons, and Hada Labo.
Bata, Swensens, and Starhub.
ma lai gao, daging penyet, and char siew bao.
Wee Tian Siak, Marie Ethel Bong, and Heng Swee Keat.
Select the fastest way to Lorong Semangka.
Dak Galbi, Nanakusa-gayu, and Kimbap.
EJC, BKE, and AGC.
Mount Faber Park
Ryan, Dayana, and Yati.
I want to have a long stay in Manila. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about Rudy William Mosbergen, Chay Jung Jun Mark and Robert Tan Jee Keng in the class assignment.
Does mushroom tofu taste good?
Khoo Sui Hoe, Lim Swee Lian Sylvia, and Peter Ong Boon Kwee.
Singapore Indian Association, Lighthouse Evangelism, and Pepys Road.
Samgeyopsal, Sukiyaki, and Yaki udon.
Pranav, Kasinadhuni, and Kasturba.
Where can I find the best white bee hoon?
Garden Road
Ramen is very tasty.
Great World City, Mugliston Gardens, and Hotel Fort Canning.
Lim Seok Hui, Said Zahari, and Ridzwan Dzafir.
HKD, BND, and Rufiyaa.
Pureen, Durex, and Kbox.
I am meeting Anfernee at Bishan HDB Branch Office first.
Syazwani, Yahya, and Khadija.
Jeremiah Choy, Lim Peng Han, and Soon Ai Ling.
4,367
You must try braised shark fin soup when you are here.
1,174,493
yao cai ji tang, crispy golden brown bun, and soon kuih.
Dakota, Merryn Avenue, and Changi South Lane.
How far away is Ong Teng Cheong Labour Leadership Institute from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Shirin Fozdar, Lim Cherng Yih Richard and Mardan Mamat!
It's about 32 minutes' walk to Science Drive 1.
Number sequence is T8256173C and date of birth is 13 March 1959.
Please look for Alonso when you reach Senoko Crescent.
Marquise bought Teriyaki for Forest.
Where can I get cheap food in Bangui?
It is faster to take the bus to Movenpick Heritage Hotel.
This shop sells teh tarik.
3 1 0 3 7 0 5 9 1 2
Lee Seow Ser, Sidek bin Saniff, and Tay Koh Yat.
Will's Registry, Eastwood Terrace, and Lorong Sari.
Toys"R"Us, Nong Shim, and Calacara.
What is the fastest way to Belgrade?
Linton, Ericka, and Monika.
What is the fastest way to Braddell Underpass?
Sangobion, Enervon, and Natura Stoma.
Chinatown, Mount Alvernia Hospital, and Lornie Walk.
Chengara, Teesta, and Virat.
Del Monte
I am waiting for Joanne to come back from Jalan Tiga Ratus.
Wira, Lisa, and Dara.
River Safari, MOE Changi Coast Outdoor Adventure Learning Centre, and Burgundy Crescent.
Onigiri, Burrito, and Ootoro Sushi.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Lee Shu Fen, Pritam Singh and Yuni Hadi.
Barry Desker, June Yap, and Thio Chan Bee.
8913 1880
Alyssia recently opened a new kaya balls restaurant.
Ong Ah Hoi, Chan Keng Howe Harry, and Chiam See Tong.
Ritz Apple Strudel, Texas Chicken, and Bargo.
I knew a person who has met both Zainal Abidin and Christopher Henry Rothwell.
Han Tan Juan, Hartinah Ahmad, and Chai Yee Wei.
Shirin Fozdar, Liang Wenfu, and Gordon Arthur Ransome.
Fraser Street, Bukit Timah Neighbourhood Police Centre, and Jalan Gotong Royong.
Fock Siew Wah, Wong Meng Voon, and Jernnine Pang.
Media Circle, Highland Walk, and Tanglin.
Number sequence is T5802963C and date of birth is 18 August 2006.
Tell me the price of laddu.
Hygin X, Selsun, and Rene.
There is a food court selling pig organ soup behind Foy's house.
Dorla, Clemon, and Electa.
I2X0FO
Beach View, Board of Architects, and Jalan Kakatua.
red bean bao, sambal stingray, and spinach with triple egg.
Number sequence is T2195487I and date of birth is 19 June 1967.
Nothing beats having mung bean fritters in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Lengkok Merak?
I am meeting Doshia at Nee Soon Road first.
How long does it take to get to Tai Yuan Heights by taxi?
at one AM this morning
SIA, MCCY, and SDU.
Does mutton satay taste good?
Tan Chong Tee, Sharon Wee, and Sidek bin Saniff.
deep fried pork knuckle is well-known in my hometown.
Am I right that Dhaka is a capital city?
Ahmad Mohamed Ibrahim, Koh Mun Hong, and Jacques de Coutre.
I can't eat all of this Kimbap.
Where is Singapore Power Training Institute?
Chaat Papri, Chana Dal, and Raita.
Mariam Walk, Riverlife Church, and Interpol Global Complex for Innovation.
This is the best nasi goreng ayam kunyit that I can find.
What is the distance to Jalan Kwok Min?
tauhu goreng, gulai daun ubi, and coffee pork ribs.
What are the landmarks near German Club?
Colin Cheong, Lee Seng Tee, and Sarkasi Said.
Tony Khoo, Julia Tan, and Alexander Laurie Johnston.
Agedashi dofu is well-known in my hometown.
Jimmy Ong, Sakura Teng Ying Hua, and Hossan Leong.
How much is punggol nasi lemak?
Chuan Keng Boon, Kam Kee Yong, and Koeh Sia Yong.
Assembly of Christians of Singapore, Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences, and Wilkie Road.
Vincent Cheng, Dominic J. Puthucheary, and Wykidd Song.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Singapore Philatelic Museum?
Jalan Gajus, Eunos Crescent, and Bethesda Church Bukit Arang.
3UG4W7
This is the best lemon chicken that I can find.
Panang Curry, Nanakusa-gayu, and Agedashi dofu.
Mildred, Dalia, and Gunda.
How far away is Eben Road from here?
Please show me the way to Jalan Adat.
baked tapioca is a must-try.
Chir Chir, Durex, and Popular.
Moulavi Babu Sahib, Shirley Chew, and Chee Kong Tet.
How long does it take to get to Marine Environment and Safety Department by taxi?
coin prata, min chiang kueh, and char siu.
How do I get to Solomon Street?
Number sequence is S1743089U and date of birth is 15 April 1968.
Please look for Jamar when you reach Tung Po Avenue.
Li Rulin, Hilmi Johandi, and Adrian Tan.
Domenic loves Pad Thai.
6854 7784
Tan Tee Yoke, Devagi Sanmugam, and Wong Hock Boon.
I am meeting Brendan at Nutmeg Road first.
What is the fastest way to Aljunied Avenue?
Syed Hussein Alatas, Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim, and Alex Josey.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Lana?
Show me the way to John Road.
How do I get to Chung Cheng High School?
It is faster to take the bus to Ubi Avenue 4.
Can I take the MRT to Lorong Terigu?
Michelle Lim, Wilfed Lawson, and Rohani Din.
Syed Sheikh Syed Ahmad Al-Hadi, Lee Li Lian, and Ong Peng Hock.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Intan?
Audi, Danone, and Mili.
Coralie, Clabe, and Talon.
Please show me the way to Chuan Terrace.
By using names such as Chua Gim Guan Jimmy, Rufino Soliano and Wee Choon Seng -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Muswell Hill, Harbour Drive, and Gladiola Drive.
Can I take the MRT to Wanderlust Hotel?
Number sequence is T6281704M and date of birth is 14 February 1948.
Arlena, Gabriela, and Lloyd.
I want to buy Ego sunsense.
Film Grade, National Geographic, and Prego.
4975th
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Koran?
I am meeting Levina at Swiss Club Link first.
Select the fastest way to Serangoon Terrace.
07 Mar. 1928 23:17:06
Takoyaki, Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara, and Medu Vada.
Tempura, Yaki soba, and Tortillas.
There is a food court selling lor mee behind Marlana's house.
Ho Sou Ping, Chong Fah Cheong, and Julian Yeo See Teck.
Could you tell me the way to Maghain Aboth Synagogue?
Where can I find a shop that sells Hiruscar?
Where is the best view in The Gambia?
I am waiting for Rosita to come back from North Buona Vista Drive.
Please look for Irl when you reach Canning Walk.
How many calories does a serving of Ras Malai have?
How long does it take to get to Jurong Point by taxi?
rendang, matcha red bean shaved ice, and teh halia tarik.
Where is National University of Singapore Museums?
Gingko, Bedpans, and Cleanz plus.
This is the best Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze that I can find.
Jalan Bukit Merah, Camphor Avenue, and Silat Road Sikh Temple.
Please tell me how to cook Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara.
Ricola, Ridwind, and Hospicare.
tutu kueh, tapak kuda, and ikan tiga rasa.
City Vibe @ Clementi, Crockfords Tower, and Tai Kak Seah Temple.
Lee Shih Shiong Peter, Ong Teng Koon, and David Wong.
Can I take a bus to Maple Lane?
How long will it take to walk to Loyang Besar Close?
Bougainvillea Garden, Changi Road, and Kampong Bugis.
What is the distance to Jalan Mat Jambol?
nasi goreng kerang is a traditional local cuisine.
idly, szechuan noodle, and ya kun kaya toast.
This shop sells chap chai.
Can I take a bus to Novena Terrace?
Laguna National, Jalan Nuri, and Nanyang Junior College.
Ewart, Wende, and Luana.
fried oyster, red ruby, and sweet and sour calamari.
I like duck rice very much.
Where can I find the best Ochazuke?
What can I use Supravit for?
Darci, Jacqulyn, and Leafy.
6 2 6 9 5 7 0 8 3 5
There is a food court selling kaki ayam behind Kathleen's house.
Cheryl Noronha, Tan Jiak Kim and Morgan Chua? You are not familiar with these names?
Jurong Town Hall Road, Jalan Jelita, and Siglap Valley.
Duxton Plain, Kasai Road, and Countryside Link.
Jolette, Jaeden, and Manie.
butter calamari, min chiang kueh, and kuih kemboja.
There is a food court selling Lamb Vindaloo behind Ivy's house.
It's about 2 minutes' walk to Riverina Walk.
Marco, Aubree, and Ham.
fish ball noodles is very tasty.
Genoveva bought soup tulang for Ricardo.
I can't eat all of this kuih kemboja.
Chuang Hsueh-Fang, Jaafar Latiff, and Aaron Lee.
Can I take the MRT to Jalan Tiga?
Do you know how to cook hae mee?
Tony loves Oden.
Dannie, Jereme, and Oneal.
Japchae, Maili Kofta, and Carrot Halwa.
sugar cane juice, kopi, and kuih kochi.
Does Hiyashi chuka taste good?
WF9VXG
Ernest Goh, Frank Cloutier, and Alvin Pang.
The class assignment was to study about George Dromgold Coleman, Soo Bin Chua and Bernard Tan.
Ang Yau Choon, Michael Olcomendy, and Khoo Seok Wan.
Beef Vindaloo, Breadsticks, and Tortillas.
Enjoy your butter masala.
Selarang Park Community Supervision Centre
Rama Kannabiran, Isa Kamari, and Lim Yi Yong Charles.
16 Collyer Quay, Lutheran Road, and Toh Tuck Crescent.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Lee Yong Kiat and Lim Tik En David.
Jalan Ampas, Meranti Crescent, and Devan Nair Institute of Employment and Employability.
Do you know where is Saint Hilda's Kindergarten?
TP-link, Acura, and Ezbuy.
Masala Dosa is a must-try.
quarter to four
Goh Qiu Bin, Ruben Pang, and Joanne Soo.
Canberra Park, Bukit Panjang Ring Road, and Jalan Novena.
Faye, Amma, and Kylie.
Where can I find the best youtiao?
How far away is Ming Teck Park from here?
Goldkist Beach Resort, Tian De Temple, and Marshall Lane.
San Yu Adventist School, Jalan Sultan, and Watten Estate Road.
A series of biographies about Yong Ah Kee, Sophia Blackmore and Rose Chan was recently published.
8610 9283
Lee Boon Yang, Wykidd Song, and Phan Wait Hong.
Udon, Oden, and Yakizakana.
I am particular about my nasi goreng belacan.
Medha, Naraina, and Gopinath.
Show me the way to Sofitel Singapore Resort & Spa.
How many calories does a serving of idly have?
There are stories about Woon Wah Siang, Agnes Joaquim and Sam Leong in the database.
Cochrane Lodge One, Holt Road, and Neo Tiew Road.
What is the weather like in Maldives?
Where is Fan Yoong Road?
Mohamed Latiff Mohamed, Nalla Tan, and Jason Chan.
9830 6633
banana fritters is a must-try.
Number sequence is S8170643R and date of birth is 09 August 1927.
BTO, BBDC, and CTE.
Nan Hua Primary School
Poh Kay Swee, S. Rajaratnam, and Gordon Arthur Ransome.
Premier, Zalora, and GoPro.
Llewellyn, Ciera, and Tatsuo.
Candida, Karin, and Torey.
RP, SEAB, and IMDA.
Crawford bought Miso Soup for Carlton.
Lucy Ratnammah Samuel, Ho Sou Ping, and Yeo Yeow Kwang.
The people included in the list are Gog Sing Hooi, Bernard Francis James and Siow Lee-Chin.
OCS, UOB, and AWOL.
Find the fastest way to Link Road.
6890 9256
Goh Tshin En Sylvia, Lin Chen, and Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani.
508,208
Which bus should I take to Huddington Avenue?
6387 3950
Wu Tsai Yen, Sheik Alau'ddin, and Osman Merican.
Tell me the price of Soba.
Yahya Cohen, Iau Kuo Kwong Robert, and Mohamed Ismail Hussain.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Police Public Affairs Department?
Show me the way to Chancery Hill Road.
Orren recently opened a new lala restaurant.
Garnier, Uncle Toby's, and Sunsweet.
It is faster to take the bus to Limbang Shopping Centre.
Leo Drive, Foo Hai Ch'an Monastery, and Jalan Kerayong.
I like herbal turtle soup very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Ng Quee Lam and Zhuang Shengtao.
Kelly Tang, Yip Cheong Fun, and Raymond Kang.
3548 8780
PTC, SecCom, and MTI.
Said Zahari, Pancy Seng, and Ronald Susilo.
You must try Carrot Halwa when you are here.
Maili Kofta, Ratatouille, and Kalguksu.
Number sequence is T6208475Q and date of birth is 25 June 1981.
I am particular about my fried bun.
Do you know how to cook Kheer?
Tianpo Jewellery, Monto, and Studioline.
Cherian George, Vilma Laus, and Catchick Moses.
Bernard Tan, Leonard Montague Harrod, and Joseph Balestier.
15KM7L
Koh Hong Teng, Sang Nila Utama, and Suzairhe Sumari.
How do I get to The Quincy Hotel?
kueh kodok is a traditional local cuisine.
kuih syara is well-known in my hometown.
Rufino Soliano and Lim Hock Siew has met this person that I know of.
Jaybird, Colgate, and Jean Yip Hair & Hair Spa.
Unadon, Shabu-shabu, and Saag Paneer.
7 0 9 2 5 3 9 4 4 5
What are the landmarks near Chee Hoon Avenue?
Milburn is dropping me off at The Interlace.
Bengay, Skull Candy, and The Editor's Market.
Do you know where is Parish of Christ Church?
Theophile, Tracey, and Rachelle.
Irrawaddy Road
Bengay, Yoguru, and Something Borrowed.
Vitahealth, Ezerra, and Sangobion.
Yong Pung How, Roger Jenkins, and Goh Choon Kang.
I can't eat all of this ondeh ondeh.
Junius, Kelly, and Valencia.
Mug Root Beer, Top, and King Koil.
Please look for Estela when you reach Professional Engineers Board.
Please tell me how to get to Heng Mui Keng Terrace.
Pulao, Okonomiyaki, and Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze.
I would like to travel to Melekeok.
putri salad is very tasty.
I am waiting for Marques to come back from National Shooting Centre.
Number sequence is T0284359K and date of birth is 08 April 2021.
Do you know where is Good News Baptist Church?
I am waiting for Pratt to come back from Imbiah Walk.
Burgundy Crescent, Tian Kong Temple, and Tribeca by the Waterfront.
Find the fastest way to Chestnut Lane.
Dickie bought shan rui tang for Juwan.
Horizon Singapore
Tan Si Chong Su, Jalan Anak Bukit, and Tampines Mall.
Morgan Chua, Xu Yuan Zhen, and Phua Thin Kiay.
I like Omurice very much.
Sree Narayana Mission Home for The Aged Sick, Yung Kuang Road, and Arena Country Club.
FMSS, EDB, and LRT.
Tell me the price of acar.
Ka Perumal, Yee Jenn Jong, and Woon Wah Siang.
Which bus should I take to Kallang Airport Drive?
Siti Khalijah, V. K. Rajah, and Soon Ai Ling.
811,452
sambal, peanut paste, and steamed grouper.
Owen Road, Jalan Pinang, and Jubilee Road.
Darron, Nathanael, and Suellen.
Leslie Kee, Tan Ser Cher, and Tunku Abdul Rahman.
4 7 9 9 1 1 4 2 2 7
I'm a loyal customer of Vaselin.
Aroozoo Avenue, Police Protective Security Command, and Minaret Walk.
Jalan Selamat, Wink Hostel, and Bukit View.
This shop sells Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze.
Pakistan Road, Queensway Shopping Centre, and Binjai Park.
Joshua Ip, Lui Pao Chuen, and Low Kim Pong.
Mccallum Street, Bukit Tinggi Road, and Secretariat.
What products does Oppo have?
Jose is dropping me off at Promenade.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Simon Place?
How many calories does a serving of duck noodle have?
Lahoma, Rian, and Zelda.
Fernvale Close, Sheraton Towers Singapore Hotel, and Maris Stella High School.
HPGV1N
Are there food courts or restaurants near Hong San Terrace?
Dara, Zul, and Afiqah.
Ng Chee Meng, Emma Yong, and Remy Ong.
Do you know how to cook chap chai?
popiah sayur, baby squid, and teh c.
Nothing beats having ya kun kaya toast in the summer.
Bedok Green Primary School
Please show me the way to SIM University.
4,260
How long will it take to walk to Singapore Manufacturing Federation?
I am thinking of visiting North Korea. Can you go with me?
CGH, MOH, and HTSCI.
Jordon recently opened a new baked tapioca restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Angsana Avenue.
SAJC, LKY, and HSA.
H&M, Mimosa, and The Paper Stone Signature.
How long will it take to walk to Yew Tee Shopping Centre?
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Chew Hock Leong, Chandran Nair, and Ahmad Jais.
Hossan Leong, Cham Tao Soon, and Abdul Aziz Pakkeer Mohamed.
braised asparagus, nasi briyani lembu, and kacang pool.
Please tell me how to cook e-bua.
Where should I go in Romania?
It's about 4 minutes' walk to Countryside View.
Swan Lake Avenue, Still Road, and Prinsep Street.
Lim Siong Guan, Robert Goh, and Syed Abdulrahman Taha.
Ras Malai, Cham-Cham, and Sauerkraut.
Could you tell me the way to Hastings Road?
Griffith is dropping me off at Farrer Underpass.
Yangtze Building
Mei Ling Street, Lakme Terrace, and Grove Lane.
Henn Tan, Zhou Can, and Eric Teo.
Number sequence is T1729843S and date of birth is 23 June 1969.
Tussils 5 Cough Lozenges, Castellani's Paint Stainless, and Nasacort AQ Triamcinolone Acetonide Nasal Spray.
9786 1773
Enjoy your custard puff.
Sultan Abu Bakar, Ong Teng Cheong, and Chen Cheng Mei.
Eu Yee Ming Richard, Tan Teck Soon, and Sarkasi Said.
3452 7414
Which bus should I take to Red Cross Campsite?
Enjoy your Yakitori.
Lin Tan Temple, Tua Kong Place, and Shelton College International.
Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis, Adrin Loi and Louis Mountbatten are in the database.
Edmund William Barker, Goh Poh Seng, and Catherine Lim.
Christian recently opened a new pak thong ko restaurant.
Goh Teck Phuan, Tan Seng Yong, and Cedric Monteiro.
Irvin, Vernal, and Ramon.
Bianco Mimosa, Valley Chef, and Silkpro.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Serangoon Gardens Country Club?
Tortillas, Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze, and Lamb Kebabs.
Yatiman Yusof, Ang Yau Choon, and Cleo Thang.
Please tell me how to get to Jalan Empat.
Indah, Asharaff, and Arifa.
Number sequence is S8459632V and date of birth is 15 January 1965.
Find the fastest way to Engineering Drive 1.
I want to travel to Kosovo. What should I take note of?
You must try soup tulang when you are here.
Haagen Dazs, Acuto, and Volkswagen.
Red Man, Dumex Mamil Gold, and Owndays.
nasi briyani ayam, sambal stingray, and strawberry tofu cheesecake.
Dorthey, Keisha, and Lannie.
Vanessa-Mae, Ka Perumal, and Ho Chee Lick.
Select the fastest way to Jalan Istimewa.
SIM, DSO, and MSF.
Tan Chin Tuan
Putra, Abdullah, and Syah.
We studied about Lim Guat Kheng Rosie, Yusnor Ef and Baey Yam Keng in the class assignment.
Does nasi goreng daging merah taste good?
Aidli Mosbit, Maggie Teng, and Alice Pennefather.
Lime Pickle, Okinawa soba, and Unagi.
Kapil, Mahan, and Chandra.
Where can I find the best kopi c?
Foong Fook Kay, Lee Peh Gee, and Munshi Abdullah.
International Community School
Motoyaki is very tasty.
Tanjong Pagar Drive 1, Compassvale, and Winstedt Road.
I am particular about my Uthapam.
Goh Sin Tub, Kevin Kwan, and Ariff Bongso.
Rufiyaa, CAD, and AUD.
Precious Thots, Royce, and Nestlé.
I am meeting Waino at Mandai Lake first.
Aidil, Zamrud, and Syazwani.
Wu Peng Seng, Neo Chwee Kok, and Eddino Abdul Hadi.
6,078
You must try fried pumpkin prawns when you are here.
88,890
Kartright Speedway, Westwood Drive, and Refinery Lane.
How far away is Third Street from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Prema Letchumanan, Tan Chan Boon and Tan Kheam Hock!
It's about 17 minutes' walk to Chu Siang Tong Temple.
Number sequence is T1785692F and date of birth is 12 June 2007.
Please look for Ezekiel when you reach Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
Benjiman bought Unagi for Nathaly.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Sofia.
It is faster to take the bus to Old Upper Thomson Road.
This shop sells kuih dadar.
0 3 9 9 2 4 3 5 0 5
Almahdi Al-Haj Ibrahim, Taufik Batisah, and Ka Perumal.
River Valley High School, Jalan Wangi, and Public Free Clinic Society.
Gold Roast, Vitagen, and Smiggle.
I would like to have a good view of Bogota.
What is the cheapest way to Red Cross Campsite?
Gingko, Isocal, and Abbott.
What is the distance to Maude Road?
Raman, Keeravani, and Nathan.
Tommy Hilfiger
I am waiting for Kellen to come back from Lorong Bandang.
Syarafina, Balqis, and Mawar.
Samosa, Jajangmyeon, and Alu Matar.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Franklin Charles Gimson, Dominic J. Puthucheary and Tan Cheng Bock.
Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani, Haji Namazie, Mohd Javad, and Loh Ah Chee.
8840 1968
Doyle recently opened a new air karthira restaurant.
Zaqy Mohamad, Lee Chin Koon, and Lee Choon Kee.
Khong Guan, Golden Wheel, and DKNY.
Alice Pennefather, Hua Chai Yong, and Chia Kiah Hong Steve.
Tai Hwan Walk, Lorong 1 Toa Payoh, and Labrador Nature Reserve.
Kirpal Singh, Charles Gamba, and Evelyn Goh.
Sime Park Hill, Crowne Plaza Changi Airport, and United Square.
How much is Rogan Josh?
Tell me the price of kue lupis.
Propass, Futuro, and Oppo.
There is a food court selling Lasagne behind Florrie's house.
Gil, Wirt, and Hosteen.
NDHU43
Recreation Road, Summer View Hotel, and Jalan Kemboja.
Number sequence is T7169342W and date of birth is 14 July 2006.
Nothing beats having matcha red bean shaved ice in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Farrer Drive?
I am meeting Miracle at Yun Shan Temple first.
How long does it take to get to Aldersgate Methodist Church by taxi?
half past six today
4D, DTL, and SQ.
Does chicken rice taste good?
Hor Chim Or, Joanne Soo, and Lee Hsien Yang.
ginger onions chicken is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Abuja.
Green Zeng, Christina Ong, and Mylene Ong.
I can't eat all of this Panang Curry.
Where is Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board?
Chaat Papri, Lamb Vindaloo, and Oden.
524th
Tokio Marine Centre, Upper Jurong Road, and Middlesex Road.
This is the best kueh bakar pandan that I can find.
What is the distance to Jalan Mashhor?
roti john, soon kuih, and tau suan.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Binchang?
Fong Swee Suan, Ahmad Sonhadji Mohamad, and Kamsari Salam.
Lau Poo Seng Raymond, Tan Biyun, and Ang Peng Tiam.
Vermicelli is well-known in my hometown.
Tan Teck Neo, Ang Kok Peng, and Christopher De Souza.
How much is epok-epok kentang?
Devagi Sanmugam, Tang Liang Hong, and David Tay Poey Cher.
Alexandra Terrace, Upper Changi, and Central Boulevard.
Lee Boon Ngan, Edwin Koo, and Hri Kumar Nair.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Joo Chiat Neighbourhood Police Post?
Kinta Road, Jalan Mawar, and De Souza Street.
NY1Z7R
This is the best maggi goreng that I can find.
Ras Malai, Motoyaki, and Yakitori.
Mandie, Ardyce, and Deion.
How far away is Blessed Sacrament Church from here?
Please show me the way to Lim Ah Pin Road Post Office.
ongol ubi is a must-try.
George Murray Reith, Chay Weng Yew, and Che Dah Mohamed Noor.
How long does it take to get to Queensway Secondary School by taxi?
macarons, roasted crispy spring chicken, and chwee kueh.
How do I get to Amaryllis Ville?
Number sequence is T8509472I and date of birth is 20 January 1929.
8587 9768
Please look for Renaldo when you reach Wak Hassan Place.
Kit Chan, Poh Kay Swee, and Simon Wee.
Migdalia loves Beef Vindaloo.
3071 2364
Mavis Khoo-Oei, Hamed Ismail, and Chee Swee Lee.
I am meeting Giovanna at Third Street first.
What is the easiest way to Kerbau Road?
Parga Singh, Ho See Beng, and Ang Wei Neng.
What are the landmarks near Lasia Avenue?
Nothing beats having Zosui in the summer.
Show me the way to Boon Lay Place.
How do I get to Butterfly Avenue?
It is faster to take the bus to Tanglin Club.
Can I take the MRT to Kheng Cheng School?
Tay Kheng Soon, Taufik Batisah, and Yu-Foo Yee Shoon.
Chua Boon Lay, Han Tan Juan, and Othman Wok.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Redhill Industrial Estate?
Papermarket, Vono, and Prada.
Dexter, Samuel, and Odessa.
Please show me the way to Teban Garden Crescent.
By using names such as Rudy William Mosbergen, Isaac Henry Burkill and Kwek Leng Beng -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Shangri La Close, Chen Lien Bible Seminary, and Limbang Shopping Centre.
Can I take the MRT to Marine Parade Road?
Number sequence is T8657324G and date of birth is 07 March 1922.
Baker, Kenisha, and Alwine.
Avene is on promotion.
2140th
I am meeting Scot at Gallop Park first.
Select the fastest way to Namly Drive.
01 Jun. 1957 04:00:20
Jalebi, Chana Dal, and Katsudon.
Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze, Pork Bulgogi, and Gulab Jamun.
There is a food court selling tang yuen with peanut soup behind Gilman's house.
Leong Chee Mun, Tan Chuan-Jin, and Foo Tui Liew.
Could you tell me the way to Morse Road?
I trust Pansy.
I am waiting for Irwin to come back from Ubi Crescent.
Please look for Tameka when you reach Jalan Pelikat.
17 Aug. 1943 13:53:24
How many calories does a serving of Pretzel have?
How long does it take to get to Hillview Link by taxi?
Ho See Beng, Fong Swee Suan, and Edmund William Barker.
nutella tart, butter pork ribs, and garlic pork and pork floss with brinjal.
Where is Gentle Road?
Panaflex, Vapodrops, and Vichy.
This is the best Deodeok gui that I can find.
Loewen Road, Lutheran Road, and Mcnair Road.
Please tell me how to cook Kamameshi.
Baritex cream, Convatec, and Sterimar.
epok-epok sardin, gong-gong, and pork satay.
Jalan Harum, Lorong Tahar, and Poh Huat Drive.
Tan Eng Bock, Tan Gee Paw, and Colin Qi Zhe Quan.
Can I take a bus to Paya Lebar Crescent?
How long will it take to walk to Cairnhill Neighbourhood Police Post?
Tai Keng Avenue, Eden School, and Historic House of 7 Adam Park.
What is the distance to Gallop Road?
Select the fastest way to Ean Kiam Place.
kuih kodok is a traditional local cuisine.
acar, kari kepala ikan, and milo.
This shop sells lobster porridge.
Can I take a bus to Refinery Lane?
Marrison at Desker, Lorong Pisang Raja, and Jalan Hwi Yoh.
mochi taiyaki, nasi goreng seafood tiga rasa, and kuih kasturi.
I like chin chow grass jelly very much.
Where can I find the best Masoor Dal?
Ridwind is having a discount.
Clayton, Hailey, and Abie.
1 3 6 6 5 3 5 7 7 0
There is a food court selling Sashimi behind Kisha's house.
Ang Peng Siong, Catchick Moses and Foo Hong Tatt? You are not familiar with these names?
Dairy Farm Nature Park, Lorong 1 Toa Payoh, and Bukit Timah Expressway.
herbal turtle soup, stir fried prawn with chili sauce, and siew mai.
It's about 17 minutes' walk to Temasek Junior College.
lobster porridge is very tasty.
Montie bought kuih kacang hijau for Mateo.
I can't eat all of this soursop.
Norothy Ng, Lee Ti-Seng Desmond, and Kelly Tang.
Can I take the MRT to Police Welfare Division?
Do you know how to cook png tao?
Granville, Corine, and Nereida.
How much is lobster porridge?
Date Tamarind Chutney, Ravioli, and Hiyashi chuka.
nasi goreng belacan, yao cai bak kut teh, and black pepper beef.
Does Mugi meshi taste good?
AL0UQZ
Ahmad Mattar, Winston Oh, and Rahimah Rahim.
The class assignment was to study about Ong Boon Tat, Leong Chee Mun and Lee Khoon Choy.
Reflections at Bukit Chandu, Jalan Pelangi, and Faber Crescent.
Enjoy your ice-cream bread.
Dodo
Foo Ah Bee, John Frederick Adolphus McNair, and Yu Zhuye.
Deena is dropping me off at Central Expressway.
Airport Health Office, Lim Chu Kang Road, and East Coast.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Suradi Parjo and Patrick Tay Teck Guan.
Jalan Bahar, Dakota Crescent, and Marymount Convent School.
Do you know where is Seng Poh Lane?
Film Grade, Tommy Hilfiger, and Baygon.
Dak Galbi is a must-try.
its half past twelve
Zaqy Mohamad, Chua Chong Long, and Tan Boon Teik.
Commerce Street, Neythal Road, and Bishan Point.
Hazel, Delois, and Jaxon.
Where can I find the best wantan mee?
How far away is Ayer Rajah Crescent from here?
Apex Day Care Centre, Jalan Terusan, and Leuchars Road.
Teochew Poit Ip Huay Kuan, Jalan Mesin, and Springleaf Road.
A series of biographies about Lee Wee Nam, Goh Poh Seng and Lynnette Seah was recently published.
9656 5745
Tan Leo Wee Hin, Kanwaljit Soin, and Tham Yui Kai.
Seafood Linguine, Onion Pakora, and Mugi meshi.
I am particular about my daal.
Ramdev, Narendra, and Pratap.
Show me the way to Shepherds Drive.
How many calories does a serving of black pepper chicken have?
There are stories about Vincent Cheng, Sun Xueling and Grace Young in the database.
Eng Watt Street, The Old Admiralty House, and Diabetes & Metabolism Centre.
I am flying to Latvia now. See you soon.
Fa Shi Lin Temple, Registry of Marriages, and Rumbia.
Where is Paya Lebar Fire Station?
Jek Yeun Thong, Ho Chee Lick, and Phan Ming Yen.
8961 3838
yao cai hei ji tang is a must-try.
Number sequence is T8473260C and date of birth is 28 May 1926.
MOH, IPOS, and MOE.
Oh Chai Hoo
Teo Soon Chuan, Chee Soon Juan, and Lim Seok Hui.
Gaviscon, Skin Inc, and Kinokuniya.
Susannah, Trenton, and Amma.
KPE, GED, and CCL.
Tomeka bought har cheong gai for Hermine.
Lee Chin Koon, Tay Eng Soon, and Kam Ning.
The people included in the list are Cheong Choong Kong, Daren Shiau and Isaac Henry Burkill.
SYFC, FMSP, and SSG.
Find the fastest way to Pioneer Service Centre.
6423 7060
Chee Kong Tet, Constance Mary Turnbull, and Kwek Hian Chuan Henry.
77,397
3203 5432
Sharon Wee, Santokh Singh Grewal, and C. C. Tan.
Song Ong Siang, Taufik Batisah, and Maggie Teng.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Bain Street?
Jaxon recently opened a new Barfi restaurant.
S&W, Sensodyne, and Jetstar.
It is faster to take the bus to Cheang Hong Lim Place.
Mariam Close, Stagmont Road, and Lengkok Saga.
I like murtabak rusa very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Lui Tuck Yew and Kee Bee Khim.
Leu Yew Chye, Iskandar Ismail, and Woon Tai Ho.
6542 3292
NUS, CBD, and YJC.
Kwa Soon Bee, Desmond Kon, and Khalil Ibrahim.
You must try Navratan Korma when you are here.
Chingay, JBL, and Suavecito.
Rogan Josh, Japchae, and Lasagne.
Number sequence is T1694805A and date of birth is 20 August 1986.
I am particular about my sup kambing.
Do you know how to cook Nanakusa-gayu?
Chesdale, Paul, and Dove.
George Dromgold Coleman, Balaji Sadasivan, and Jacki Passmore.
Balaji, Raj, and Suppiah.
Lim Siong Guan, Haji Ambo Sooloh, and Paine Eric.
AGEUV3
Lim Seok Hui, Yee Chia Hsing, and Indranee Rajah.
How do I get to Singapore Navy Museum?
curry chicken is a traditional local cuisine.
black pepper chicken is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook nasi goreng belacan.
Rufino Soliano and Yee Chia Hsing has met this person that I know of.
Revlon, L'Oréal, and Neo Garden Catering.
MTI, GSS, and AVA.
Chimichangas, Tekkadon, and Guacamole.
9 7 0 7 1 8 3 9 0 1
Kwong Avenue, Chesed-El Synagogue, and Tukang Innovation Grove.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Tenteram?
Orvis is dropping me off at Aldersgate Methodist Church.
Alf, Jacob's, and QV.
Heidy, Trevor, and Ximena.
Auntie Anne's, Asos, and Dreamster.
Dentiste, Ocuvite, and Oxy.
Lim Chuan Poh, Ong Ye Kung, and Nasir Jalil.
I can't eat all of this kai lan seafood.
Nikko, Sherryl, and Daphne.
Toni & Guy, RVCA, and Mobot.
Tan Sin Aun, Ang Wei Neng, and Hartinah Ahmad.
Please look for Lesley when you reach Geylang Bahru.
Please tell me how to get to Ci Yuan Community Club.
I would like to travel to Ouagadougou.
crab bee hoon is very tasty.
I am waiting for Eino to come back from Artillery Road.
Number sequence is S6430179U and date of birth is 08 May 1927.
Do you know where is Eastwood Way?
Loh Lik Peng, Mary Gomes, and Georgette Chen.
Ammon loves Imoni.
I am waiting for Agustus to come back from New Life Bible Presbyterian Church.
Public Transport Council, Countryside Walk, and Kent Vale.
Find the fastest way to Jalan Sotong.
Jeanine bought Zosui for Milda.
Qing Yun Combined Temple
Jalan Tembusu, Pan Pacific, and Kranji Loop.
Heng Swee Keat, Lee Choon Seng, and Denis D'Cotta.
I like Barfi very much.
Countryside Road, SAFRA Toa Payoh, and Ark Hostel.
Rahul, Janaki, and Naraina.
Tell me the price of salted egg yolk sotong.
Tan Keong Choon, Remy Ong, and Salleh Japar.
Which bus should I take to Portchester Avenue?
Ovidia Yu, Joash Moo, and Tan Thuan Heng.
2,387
kueh salat, custard puff, and bandung.
Specialists Accreditation Board, Bendemeer Road, and Scotts Shopping Centre.
What is the easiest way to Kampong Glam Constituency Sports Club?
Alois, Korey, and Harrell.
Ruben Pang, Cheng Tsang Man, and Amrin Amin.
5 4 2 7 0 4 6 0 2 1
Physiogel is a well-known brand.
Tanjong Pagar, Madras Street, and Tuas Terminal Road.
Handy Road, Jalan Kesoma, and Sri Guru Singh Sabha.
HarbourFront Centre, Jalan Ampang, and Thomson Medical Centre.
kueh bakar pandan, lemper udang, and nutella tart.
Yeo Siak Goon, Koh Eng Hoon, and Tan Soo Nan.
Tan Quee Lan Street, Changi Coast Road, and Li Po Avenue.
Nutren is loved by its customers worldwide.
Amado is dropping me off at SIA Training Centre.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Finlayson Green?
How many calories does a serving of satay babat have?
Brianda, Evia, and Rowan.
Sungei Kadut International Furniture Park, Yishun Street, and Madrasah Al-Arabiah Al-islamiah.
TL14AF
Are there food courts or restaurants near Desker Road?
Arissa, Hafsa, and Muhammad.
Zulkifli bin Mohamed, Na Govindasamy, and Loy Keng Foo.
Do you know how to cook singapore sling?
pumpkin sauce prawns, golden sand bun, and popiah sayur.
Nothing beats having epok-epok kentang in the summer.
Umar Pulavar Tamil Language Centre
Please show me the way to The National Equestrian Park.
1,735,529
How long will it take to walk to Jellicoe Road?
I am thinking of visiting Norway. Can you go with me?
KTPH, AXS, and KJE.
Tod recently opened a new mutton stew restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Auditor General's Office.
SIM, RC, and STB.
Popeyes, Abercrombie & Fitch, and Mobot.
How long will it take to walk to Neram Road?
Yap Su-Yin, Chua Chong Long, and Wykidd Song.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Tang Da Wu, Ahmad Sonhadji Mohamad, and Tan Choo Kai.
Tay Seow Huah, Bong Hiong Hwa, and Noor Aishah.
kueh kemboja, hati ayam, and tutu kueh.
Please tell me how to cook fried mantou.
It's about 17 minutes' walk to Parry Terrace.
Orchard Spring Lane, Sengkang Central, and Ayer Rajah Community Club.
Chia Tee Chiak, Runme Shaw and Yeo Ning Hong? Are you not familiar with these names?
Victor Doggett, Tay Bak Koi, and Edwin Thumboo.
Falafel, Oden, and Minestrone.
Could you tell me the way to Citylights?
Lenon is dropping me off at Tai Seng Christian Church.
Jalan Novena Selatan
Toh Kim Hwa, Koh Seng Kiat Terence, and Soo Bin Chua.
Thye Hua Kwan Nursing Home, SBF Center, and UMC Dormitory.
Sambar is a traditional local cuisine.
Lim Peng Siang, Yeo Siak Goon, and Liu Peihe.
Number sequence is S5806279C and date of birth is 23 September 1920.
Chlorpheniramine Tablets, Avamys Fluticasone Furoate Intranasal Spray, and Difflam Solution.
8928 2800
Enjoy your sambal kangkong.
9 2 1 3 0 1 4 2 0 3
14 Dec. 1936 09:52:50
Maurice Baker, Chew Hock Leong, and Saw Ean Ang.
Natarajan Chandrasekaran, Chan Kum Wah Roy, and Zulkifli Baharudin.
6065 5841
Which bus should I take to Social Service Institute?
KFC, Perrier, and Singapore Post.
Enjoy your Dal Makhani.
Fleming loves Kushikatsu.
Fernvale Lane, PS 21 Office, and Lengkong Tiga.
Nadasen Chandra, Chan Chang How and Wee Beng Chong are in the database.
Bashir Ahmad Mallal, Goh Ee Choo, and Lee Wen.
Trinity recently opened a new herbal chicken feet restaurant.
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai, Alex Josey, and Tan Hwee Hock.
Lai Kew Chai, Christopher De Souza, and Lim Siah Tong.
Nevada, Vincenzo, and Joanie.
Narcissus, Triumph, and Star Awards.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Tari Payong?
Lamb Kebabs, Currywurst, and Dak Galbi.
Lau Teng Chuan, Anthony Then, and Walter Woon.
Please tell me how to get to Cheang Hong Lim Place.
Syazwani, Idris, and Ammir.
Number sequence is T4956710S and date of birth is 16 June 1963.
Find the fastest way to Sungei Bedok.
Is Slovenia on the same latitude as Somalia?
You must try salted egg sotong when you are here.
Obike, Mili, and Breathe Right.
Calacara, Chutney Mary, and Crave.
prata ice-cream, plaster prata, and nasi sambal goreng.
Geraldine, Pearl, and Dillan.
Mavis Khoo-Oei, Hu Tsu Tau Richard, and Lee Hsien Yang.
Select the fastest way to Pioneer Sector.
Chicken Pasta, Spaghetti Bolognese, and Jingisukan.
EDB, NPARKS, and SPORTSG.
Marymount Convent School
Dara, Imran, and Yasmin.
I want to have a long stay in Rome. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about Eng Siak Loy, Frank Wilmin Brewer and Tan Eng Joo in the class assignment.
Does duck rice taste good?
Ho Poh Fun, Shaffiq Selamat, and Lee Seng Tee.
Oxford Street, Buangkok MRT Station, and Supreme Court.
Guacamole, Hiyashi chuka, and Nachos.
Chandrasekaran, Priyanka, and Tharman.
Where can I find the best serunding?
Tan Siak Kew, Khoo Kay Hian, and Andrew Yip.
Lee Hee Seng
Onion Pakora is very tasty.
Kuang Chee Tng Buddhist Association, Gerald Drive, and Fook Hai Building.
I am particular about my Ootoro Sushi.
Chia Boon Leong, Milenko Prvacki, and Natalie Hennedige.
Rupee, HKD, and Dirham.
Take One, Australis, and Esso.
I am meeting Vicente at Taman Siglap first.
Nurin, Aizat, and Haziq.
8,509
You must try hee pan when you are here.
89,269
durian pengat, lontong, and kuih bom.
Herald Assembly of God Church, Nanyang Polytechnic, and Beauty World Plaza.
How far away is German Club from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Teo Ser Luck, Kelvin Tan and Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim!
It's about 10 minutes' walk to Novena Rise.
Number sequence is S0265184E and date of birth is 27 February 1986.
Please look for Romaine when you reach Ngee Ann Polytechnic.
Roman bought Hummus for Claudine.
Would you like to visit Pretoria with me?
It is faster to take the bus to Morse Road.
This shop sells duck rice.
0 1 3 6 4 9 7 4 5 1
Linn In Hua, Hartinah Ahmad, and Herbert Eleuterio.
Park View Hotel, Amoy Street, and Thye Hua Kwan Hospital.
KATE Tokyo, Equal, and Eye Mo.
What is the fastest way to Buenos Aires?
Hassan, Shawanda, and Lyla.
What is the cheapest way to Sri Layan Sithi Vinayagar Temple?
Pregain, Physiogel, and Emulsying ointment.
What is the distance to Hamilton Place?
Ramada Singapore at Zhongshan Park, Pioneer Mall, and Baghdad Street.
Sudhir, Kapil, and Makineni.
I am waiting for Nicki to come back from Walton Road.
Lestari, Aminah, and Khatijah.
Ocean Financial Centre, Broadrick Road, and Faculty Avenue.
Falafel, Ramen, and Chigenabe.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Chan Ah Kow and Tan Kee Sek.
Fong Chong Pik, Lee Wung Yew, and Teo Eng Seng.
9474 4271
Leah recently opened a new Monsunabe restaurant.
Tan Tong Hye, Lim Yew Kuan, and S. Varathan.
U-cha, A X A, and LUX.
I knew a person who has met both Ng Eng Teng and Dennis Tan Lip Fong.
Dan Ying, Saravanan Gopinathan, and Prabhakara Jimmy Quek.
Andrew Lee, Ho Chee-Kong, and Zhu Xu.
Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore, White House Road, and Jalan Sultan.
Shirley Chew, Wong Lip Chin, and Ong Teng Koon.
Trengganu Street, Jurong Bird Park, and One North Avenue.
How much is Agedashi dofu?
Number sequence is S0689371B and date of birth is 21 November 1942.
Tell me the price of coconut kuih.
Sitz bath, Bonjela, and Accucheck.
There is a food court selling lotus leaf duck behind Jett's house.
Nell, Amberly, and Amelia.
E74FU0
Anchorvale Crescent, Kang Choo Bin Road, and Parry Terrace.
nasi goreng seafood tiga rasa, mutton stew, and pandan cake.
Number sequence is T1249350X and date of birth is 19 March 1959.
Nothing beats having butter masala in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Amber Hotel?
How long does it take to get to Lorong Mambong by taxi?
before a quarter to twelve tomorrow
EZ-LINK, BTT, and YMCA.
Does kurma taste good?
Chua Mia Tee, Tan Tarn How, and Ken Lim.
roasted crispy spring chicken is well-known in my hometown.
Am I right that Helsinki is a capital city?
Wong Heck Sing, Lambert, and Ken Kwek.
I can't eat all of this Hummus.
Bibimbap, Kheer, and Alu Gobi.
8143rd
Jalan Asas, Gleneagles Hospital, and Farrer Road.
This is the best steamed tapioca cake that I can find.
What is the distance to Gurkha Contingent?
pork rib soup, fishball noodle, and ketupat.
What are the landmarks near Tuas Second Link?
Ling Cher Eng, Ng Li Chin, and Charles Burton Buckley.
R. Ramachandran, Gabriel Oon Chong Jin, and Chan Sek Keong.
Spaghetti Bolognese is well-known in my hometown.
Nissim Nassim Adis, Linn In Hua, and Joseph Elias.
How much is youtiao?
Chen Su Lan, Percy McNeice, and Sumiko Tan.
Petir Road, Venus Drive, and Jamiyah Nursing Home.
Jimmy Chok, Joel Tan, and Chen Chong Swee.
Are there food courts or restaurants near La Salle Street?
Jalan Usaha, Jalan Wangi, and Harbourfront Passenger Terminal.
8WCD4M
This is the best teh tarik that I can find.
Butter Chicken, Rogan Josh, and Yakitori.
Tremayne, Ely, and Magdalen.
How far away is Maris Stella High School from here?
Please show me the way to Jalan Jurong Kechil.
har kow is a must-try.
Hugo Boss, Hurley, and Hada Labo.
Andre Filipe Desker, Arthur Ernest Percival, and Kamsari Salam.
How long does it take to get to Yunnan Crescent by taxi?
telur mata lembu, tempoyak, and steamed grouper.
How do I get to Kang Choo Bin Road?
Number sequence is T3862095L and date of birth is 13 January 2022.
8270 2750
Please look for Mahalia when you reach Singapore Centre For Chinese Language.
Nadasen Chandra, Chan Meng Wah Alexander, and Koh Yong Guan.
Phylis loves pineapple fried rice.
6051 4280
Kwek Leng Beng, Rahayu Mahzam, and Omar Ali.
I am meeting Rilla at Kampong Ubi Industrial Estate first.
What is the fastest way to Kallang Paya Lebar Expressway?
Anwarul Haque, Russel Wong, and Tay Eng Soon.
What are the landmarks near Bukit View Secondary School?
Nothing beats having Onion Pakora in the summer.
Show me the way to Mountbatten Vocational School.
How do I get to Marina Coastal Expressway?
It is faster to take the bus to Paya Lebar Neighbourhood Police Post.
Can I take the MRT to CHIJ Katong Primary?
Gan Kim Yong, P. S. Raman, and Lim Lee.
Wee Kim Wee, Lau Poo Seng Raymond, and Runme Shaw.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Bahasa?
Vaseline, Nutrisoy, and Fanta.
Laquan, Jevon, and Noretta.
Please show me the way to Jalan Jitong.
By using names such as Finlayson, Han Guangwei and Che Dah Mohamed Noor -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Desker Road, Verde Crescent, and Kay Poh Road.
Can I take the MRT to Worcester Road?
Number sequence is T4693025T and date of birth is 20 March 1958.
Elmyra, Genevra, and Loda.
I want to buy Centrum.
X-Craft, Diadora, and The Editor's Market.
723rd
Could you tell me the way to Andrews Terrace?
I am meeting Nannette at Poh Tiong Kiong Temple first.
Select the fastest way to Jalan Mas Kuning.
19 May 2013 23:34:05
Vegetable Jalfrezi, Okayu, and Pho.
Ramen, Motoyaki, and Chaat Papri.
Farrer Court
There is a food court selling kueh kodok behind Less' house.
Foo Tui Liew, Christopher Tan, and Yeo Cheow Tong.
Could you tell me the way to Paya Lebar Place?
I trust Novosource.
What can I do in Fiji?
I am waiting for Danika to come back from Sri Siva Krishna Temple.
Please look for Silvia when you reach Sengkang Sculpture Park.
12 Feb. 1951 21:26:48
How many calories does a serving of Kalguksu have?
How long does it take to get to Venus Road by taxi?
Tan Tock San, Selena Tan, and Chua Ah-Huwa Monica.
coconut kuih, chinese spinach with assorted eggs, and crispy roasted chicken with prawn crackers.
Where is College of Medicine Building?
Cleanz plus, Hospicare, and Panadol.
This is the best Lasagna that I can find.
International Student Support Centre, Lloyd Road, and Keat Hong Close.
Please tell me how to cook Sashimi.
White soft paraffin, Nepro, and Tubifast.
steamed rice cake, daging penyet, and seafood hor fun.
Bukit Purmei Avenue, Senja Soka Centre, and Playground at Big Splash.
Ng Teng Fong, Tracey Tan, and Benedict Tan.
Can I take a bus to Parkview Square?
How long will it take to walk to Science Park?
Sims Avenue, Jurong Canal Drive, and Balestier Hill Shopping Centre.
What is the distance to Ang Mo Kio Town Garden East?
Select the fastest way to Jalan Kampong Siglap.
o ku kueh is a traditional local cuisine.
ribena, kopi c, and lemang.
This shop sells bahulu.
Can I take a bus to Novotel Singapore Clarke Quay?
Clementi Street, Keppel Drive 2, and Queen Margaret University.
Henriette, Loy, and Guillermo.
chicken feet, chili crab, and hainanese curry rice.
I like nasi briyani ayam very much.
Where can I find the best Coriander Chutney?
Physiogel is having a discount.
Lilliana, Kenton, and Murray.
1 6 4 2 7 2 5 1 6 0
There is a food court selling Hiyashi chuka behind Rose's house.
Osman Merican, Punch Coomaraswamy and Hanson Ho? You are not familiar with these names?
Jalan Merdu, Corfe Place, and The Plaza.
Whampoa Road, West Perimeter Road, and Jurong Lake Link.
Terance, Dorthey, and Pierre.
claypot rice, teochew huat kuih, and stream grouper.
There is a food court selling yi bua behind Imanol's house.
It's about 40 minutes' walk to Council for Estate Agencies.
Mahala, Cicero, and Gertrude.
Derek, Emory, and Kaci.
I can't eat all of this rendang.
Kwok Kian Chow, Peter Gilchrist, and Mavis Khoo-Oei.
Can I take the MRT to Pasar Lane?
Do you know how to cook kueh dadar?
Aleck loves chendol.
Kaaren, Lon, and Ferdinand.
How much is pork knuckle?
Bratwurst, Taco Salad, and Raita.
cuttlefish kang kong, sweet and sour prawns, and curry.
Does Soba taste good?
FU819D
Roger Jenkins, Chong Tze Chien, and Lee Seng Gee.
The class assignment was to study about Lim Sun Gee, Tan Ean Kiam and David Lee.
Dollah Kassim, Elim Chew, and Bong Hiong Hwa.
Okonomiyaki, Dhokla, and Pho.
Enjoy your kway teow cockles.
Registry of Societies
Ng Ser Miang, Chua Kim Yeow, and Alec Kuok.
Kimora is dropping me off at Airline Road.
Command House, Jalan Sappan, and Davidson Road.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Mok Ying Jang and Yee Chia Hsing.
South Woodlands Drive, Trevose Crescent, and Everton Road.
Do you know where is Teck Chye Terrace?
Winter Time, Triumph, and Mont Blanc.
Cham-Cham is a must-try.
the wednesday after Christmas
Lim Chin Siong, Vilma Laus, and William Shellabear.
Buangkok MRT Station, Sungei Road, and Bin Tong Park.
Miesha, Jeramy, and Tressie.
Where can I find the best kari kepala ikan?
How far away is Chwee Chian View from here?
Lew Lian Vale, Jalan Mawar, and Bartley Secondary School.
Cable Car Road, The Istana, and Sri Manmatha Karuneshvarar Temple.
A series of biographies about Seah Eu Chin, Victor Doggett and Alex Ong Boon Hau was recently published.
8420 4339
Henry Tan Yoke See, Ng Bee Kia, and Jit Koon Ch'ng.
Sukiyaki, Japchae, and Tom Yam Goong.
I am particular about my yang rou tang.
Sellapan, Ramdev, and Nandan.
Show me the way to Tan Sim Boh Road.
How many calories does a serving of teh tarik have?
There are stories about Kuik Swee Boon, Percy McNeice and Tan Howe Liang in the database.
Wilkie Road, Woking Road, and Tanah Merah Coast Road.
Is Israel a great place to spend the summer holiday?
SJI International School, Bukit Merah Lane, and Ming Teck Park.
Where is Kampong Bugis Crescent?
Rash Behari Bose, Jing Jun Hong, and Humphrey Morrison Burkill.
8872 1670
coffee pork ribs is a must-try.
Number sequence is S9461230U and date of birth is 23 January 2019.
STB, CID, and SAFRA.
Ace Brainery
Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering, A. Ramli, and John Purvis.
Cetaphil, Dorothy Perkins, and Nature's Farm.
Spurgeon, Avis, and Terese.
Zandra, Berdie, and Banks.
ISEAS, HSBC, and WITS.
Lonzo bought bee tai mak for Brylee.
S. S. Ratnam, Arthur Lim, and Chan Meng Wah Alexander.
The people included in the list are Lucy Koh, Edwin Brown and Wu Tsai Yen.
SDU, USS, and MHA.
Find the fastest way to American College.
6875 9853
Koh Seng Kiat Terence, Wee Kim Wee, and T. Sasitharan.
9,630,707
Which bus should I take to Ong Teng Cheong Labour Leadership Institute?
3165 2488
Jay Lim, Cheng Tsang Man, and Heng Cheng Hwa.
Tell me the price of Pork Bulgogi.
Teh Cheang Wan, Shirin Fozdar, and Peng Yuyun.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near School of Science & Technology?
Show me the way to Narayanan Chetty Road.
Rosaline recently opened a new ice-cream bread restaurant.
X-Craft, Whiskas, and Chew's.
It is faster to take the bus to Katong V.
Changi City Point, Amber Gardens, and Kim Chuan Road.
I like lontong very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Josephine Chia and Dorothy Krishnan.
Loy Chye Chuan, Ng Quee Lam, and Liu Si.
3430 2295
SIA, MINDEF, and RC.
Franklin Charles Gimson, Neo Ah Luan, and Ahmad Sonhadji Mohamad.
You must try Raita when you are here.
Espirit, Robitussin, and Sandisk.
Falafel, Agedashi dofu, and Chicken Casserole.
Number sequence is T8164375S and date of birth is 15 December 1961.
I am particular about my ice-cream bread.
Do you know how to cook Falafel?
Popular, Pandora, and ZA.
Singai Mukilan, Francis Ng, and Yee Jenn Jong.
Raman, Gauri, and Ramnath.
Naa Govindasamy, Lee Hsien Yang, and Teo Eng Seng.
LT4NJI
Azman Abdullah, Lim Chin Siong, and Vivian Balakrishnan.
How do I get to Chin Bee Avenue?
getuk getuk is a traditional local cuisine.
kurma is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook seafood tom yum.
Chen Show Mao and Wong Chong Sai has met this person that I know of.
Whisper, Jack Daniel's, and Sephora.
DJ, EDB, and TCMPB.
Pulao, Dhokla, and Ootoro Sushi.
3 0 8 4 5 0 1 2 3 5
Bo Tien Home for the Aged, Li Hwan Place, and Nanyang Girls' Boarding School.
What are the landmarks near South East Asia Hotel?
Twyla is dropping me off at Merchant Loop.
Rockingham, Fancy Feast, and Forever 21.
Do you know where is Singapore Environment Institute?
Rollo, Janiya, and Chante.
Management Development institute of Singapore
Love & Co., Victoria Secret, and Aden.
Omron, Osteocare, and Ezerra.
Justin Lean, Andrew Lee, and Han Guangwei.
Muhammad Ariff Ahmad, Desmond Choo, and Mohamed Ismail Hussain.
I can't eat all of this ice kacang.
last thursday
Shaquana, Fatima, and Texas.
Old Town White Coffee, Universal, and Meiji.
Yong Shu Hoong, Seow Yit Kin, and Wong Chong Sai.
Please look for Aryana when you reach Jalan Datoh.
Please tell me how to get to Ann Siang Road.
Jokbal, Raita, and Yaki udon.
I would like to travel to Kuala Lumpur.
herbal egg is very tasty.
I am waiting for Wilbur to come back from Orchard Towers.
Number sequence is T2580631H and date of birth is 01 January 1955.
Do you know where is Great World?
Nai Swee Leng, Lim Kim San, and Anita Sarawak.
Arno loves Boribap.
I am waiting for Ailene to come back from Peirce Drive.
Nutmeg Road, Wanderlust Hotel, and Arulmigu Velmurugan Gnanamuneeswarar Temple.
Find the fastest way to Fengshan Primary School.
Syreeta bought Pulao for Jacalyn.
Breakthrough Mission
Bukit Mugliston, Singapore Police Force, and Fullerton Road.
Chu Chee Seng, Anita Sarawak, and William Shellabear.
I like Miso Soup very much.
POP, SAM, and GST.
Kasturba, Ravi Shankar, and Srinivasa.
Tell me the price of tau huay.
Lai Weijie, Mark Chan, and Lucy Koh.
Which bus should I take to Geylang United Temple?
Liew Geok Leong, William Jervois, and Leslie Kee.
699,687
ayam penyet, singapore sling, and stir fry mee tai mak.
Jalan Kupang, Jalan Mashhor, and Bukit Batok Driving & Test Centre.
What is the fastest way to Cuppage Road?
Roxanna, Tamala, and Eva.
Vikram Nair, Kamsari Salam, and Rash Behari Bose.
9 8 6 4 0 1 8 0 6 1
Ricola is one of the leading brands.
Police Licensing and Regulatory Department, The Sultan Hotel, and Reservoir Road.
Jalan Korma, Dover Road, and Loyang Primary School.
This shop sells Shabu-shabu.
Harvester Baptist Church, Dover Close East, and Montfort Junior School.
herbal soup, nonya fish head, and yam talam.
Shah Hussain, Wong Lin Ken, and Sidek bin Saniff.
Chancery Hill Road, Sengkang East Drive, and Jalan Kembang Melati.
Burt's bee is loved by its customers worldwide.
Neppie is dropping me off at Jalan Limau Manis.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Puteri Jula Juli?
How many calories does a serving of tauge ikan masin have?
Creola, Amelia, and Lillie.
Eunos Crescent, Sri Siva Durga Temple, and Mount Vernon Road.
F5Q196
Are there food courts or restaurants near Alexandra Canal Linear Park?
Kifli, Batari, and Danial.
Charmaine Solomon, Chong You Fook Charles, and Lee Man Fong.
Do you know how to cook appam?
tutu kueh, pak thong ko, and kueh manggis.
Nothing beats having muruku in the summer.
Hor Chim or
Please show me the way to Gan Eng Seng School.
21,132
How long will it take to walk to Penhas Road?
What are the best places to see in North Korea?
HCI, NP, and FMSP.
Dalia recently opened a new keropok restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Jalan Bahtera.
MND, NDP, and CWS.
How long will it take to walk to Haji Lane?
Prabhakara Jimmy Quek, Kwok Kian Chow, and Tan Eng Bock.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Wong Peng Soon, Lau Teng Chuan, and Khoo Teck Puat.
Tay Chee Toh, John Henry Duclos, and Wykidd Song.
butter naan, yam talam, and bhindi masala.
Please tell me how to cook Lobster Porridge.
How about a boat tour in Mongolia?
It's about 25 minutes' walk to Saujana Road.
Prinsep Street, Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts Campus 1, and Jalan Mashor.
Jannie Tay, Michael Wong Hong Teng and Yeo Shih Yun? Are you not familiar with these names?
Ong Teng Koon, Ruth Wong Hie King, and You Jin.
Lasagna, Navratan Korma, and Alu Matar.
Could you tell me the way to Woollerton Park?
America is dropping me off at Novena Specialist Centre.
Tan Thoon Lip, Ee Peng Liang, and Harbans Singh.
Singapore University of Technology and Design, Wee Nam Road, and Redhill Lane.
Soba is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
Ong Siong Kai, Yong Lew Foong, and Angelina Choy.
Number Sequence is T3015297L and date of birth is 30 January 1943.
Desowen Desonide, Fexofenadine, and Calcium Carbonate Chewable.
9103 1062
Enjoy your gudeg putih.
7 1 1 8 5 4 3 3 9 2
17 Jan. 1958 14:25:38
Patrick Tay Teck Guan, Lim Tik En David, and Wen Jinhua.
Leu Yew Chye, Adeline Foo, and Cheo Kim Ban.
3284 4873
Which bus should I take to Maxwell Link?
Godiva, Kat Von D, and Pledge.
Enjoy your Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze.
Damai Secondary School, Ironside Link, and South Beach North Tower.
Tan Hwa Luck, Chen Sucheng and Christopher De Souza are in the database.
R. Ramachandran, Braema Mathi, and Chan Chew Koon Michael.
Kai recently opened a new Ladoo restaurant.
Chen Shiji, Syed Sheikh Syed Ahmad Al-Hadi, and Devan Nair.
Lim Denan Denon, Richard Kee, and Tin Pei Ling.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore?
Ang Kok Peng, Poh Kay Swee, and Chua Beng Huat.
Please tell me how to get to Pagoda Street.
Bunga, Shah, and Adi.
Number Sequence is S4287906C and date of birth is 27 July 2027.
Find the fastest way to Pulau Ubin.
Is there a Singapore embassy in Guyana?
You must try tom yam soup when you are here.
CityCab, Superdry, and Vitapet.
the Editor's Market, Dough Culture, and Grab.
pineapple tart, pig's organ soup, and salted egg yolk calamari.
Wyman, Keanu, and Migdalia.
Leo Yip, Lee Dai Soh, and Loh Ah Chee.
Select the fastest way to Singapore Shooting Association.
Beef Vindaloo, Medu Vada, and Unagi.
SAJC, SPF, and SDC.
Sharifah, Batari, and Batrisya.
I want to have a long stay in Taipei. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about Tan Beng Swee, Lai Kew Chai and Sheik Alau'ddin in the class assignment.
Does sliced fish hor fun taste good?
Song Koon Poh, William H. Read, and Elangovan.
Jalan Rimau, Eunos Avenue, and Jalan Tumpu.
Oyakodon, Monsunabe, and Barfi.
Potti, Guru, and Jayakumar.
Where can I find the best Strawberry Tofu Cheesecake?
Tan Seng Poh, Quentin Pereira, and Loh Lik Peng.
Ratatouille is very tasty.
Punggol Drive, Bukit Pasoh Road, and Australian International School.
Er Kwong Wah, Peter Augustine Goh, and Bilahari Kausikan.
Johnnie Walker, Crumpler, and Fujifilm.
I am meeting Hortencia at Jalan Samarinda first.
Mawar, Putera, and Yahaya.
Chua Soo Khim, Wykidd Song, and Tan Seng Yong.
227,050
You must try Oyster Omelette when you are here.
Strawberry Tofu Cheesecake, stir fried beef with Ginger Onions, and Sugar Cane Juice.
MacPherson Neighbourhood Police Post, Lady Hill Road, and Lorong Chencharu.
How far away is Mackenzie Road from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Lee Shermay, Khoo Seok Wan and Dollah Kassim!
It's about 37 minutes' walk to Richards Avenue.
Number Sequence is S7850962D and date of birth is 15 December 2023.
Please look for Mariano when you reach Peacehaven Nursing Home.
Verda bought Sauerkraut for Mitch.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Windhoek.
It is faster to take the bus to Countryside Place.
This shop sells tau huay.
Zainal Abidin Ahmad, Lee Boon Yang, and Jack Lai.
Mount Rosie Terrace, Bideford Road, and Marine Parade.
Mercedes Benz, McCafe, and Clinique.
Show me the best hotels in Nairobi.
Dorathea, Chastity, and Gayla.
What is the fastest way to Klang Lane?
Strepsils, T3, and Nutren.
What is the distance to Singapore Orchid Country Club?
Kai San Temple, Jalan Pokok Serunai, and Bukit Merah Secondary School.
Kamaladevi, Potti, and Bilahari.
I am waiting for Holland to come back from Lorong Sari.
Tuah, Ayu, and Putera.
Baboo Lane, OSAC International College, and Chuan Link.
Kalguksu, Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze, and Pho.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Ho See Beng, Irene Khong and Joseph Grimberg.
8351 8535
Tabitha recently opened a new Wasabi restaurant.
Jack N Jill, Marigold, and Eau thermale Avene.
I knew a person who has met both Andrew Chew and Tracey Tan.
Zhuang Shengtao, Evon Kow, and Yo Po Tee.
Ang Hiong Chiok, Bani Haykal, and Tan Siew Sin.
Eunos Avenue 8a, Jalan Kapal, and Mount Faber Loop.
Samuel Dyer, Tan Eng Liang, and Lai Weijie.
Lim Ah Woo Road, Police Radio Division, and Waringin Park.
Number Sequence is S9801627B and date of birth is 29 April 1995.
Tell me the price of begedil.
Ceradan, Sterimar, and Polident.
there is a food court selling Kushikatsu behind Mauricio's house.
LY3OFG
garlic chicken, fried bun, and beancurd with Assorted Mushrooms.
Number Sequence is S8529614T and date of birth is 23 December 1944.
Nothing beats having bak chor mee in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Tampines Eco Green?
I am meeting Darrien at Attap Valley Road first.
How long does it take to get to the Octagon by taxi?
at a quarter to two in the afternoon
SNB, PMO, and CPIB.
Does nasi kuning taste good?
Edmund Blundell, Warren Fernandez, and Lee Chin Koon.
bhindi masala is well-known in my hometown.
I want to have a look around Lusaka. Please guide me.
Tommy Koh, Yau Tian Yau, and Zubir Said.
I can't eat all of this Ratatouille.
Where is Jalan Bahtera?
Seafood Paella, Katsu Tendon, and Pizza.
608th
Yumin Primary School, Jurong West Avenue, and the Mahaprajna Buddhist Society.
This is the best lemang that I can find.
What is the distance to Norwegian Seamen's Mission?
ang Ku Kueh, pumpkin cake, and pak thong ko.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Pasir Ria?
Chan Meng Wah Alexander, Lim Boon Heng, and Eu Yee Ming Richard.
Soh Kay Siang, Han Tan Juan, and V. Pakirisamy Pillai.
Currywurst is well-known in my hometown.
Goh Sin Tub, Chew Chor Meng, and Laurence Nunns Guillemard.
How much is mee sua?
Patrick Tay Teck Guan, Joyce Fan, and Lee Kong Chian.
Lighthouse Evangelism, Bethesda Hall, and Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal.
Tam Wai Jia, Tung Chye Hong, and Sumida Haruzo.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Senoko Crescent?
Nan Hua High School, Porcelain Hotel, and Turf Club Avenue.
QRL8D1
This is the best claypot rice that I can find.
Unadon, Carrot Halwa, and Jingisukan.
Duard, Marva, and Amiya.
How far away is Long Shan Tang Temple from here?
Please show me the way to Maritime Medical Centre.
glutinous rice cake is a must-try.
Brand's, Uncle Toby's, and Volkswagen.
Koh Nguang How, Ang Chwee Chai, and Lim Tze Peng.
How long does it take to get to Rainbow Centre by taxi?
Number Sequence is S8251940Y and date of birth is 20 March 2027.
9646 2604
Please look for Brown when you reach Novelty Bizcentre.
Yong Melvin Yik Chye, Yong Nyuk Lin, and Margaret Chan.
Christa loves prata banana.
3521 0475
I am meeting Lorelai at Henderson Wave first.
What is the easiest way to MacRitchie Reservoir?
Li Hui Cheng, Chua Chong Long, and Raman Daud.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Kuras?
Nothing beats having Pita in the summer.
Show me the way to Peninsula Excelsior Hotel.
How do I get to International Community School?
It is faster to take the bus to Yuan Ching Road.
Can I take the MRT to Gogreen Cycle & Island Explorer?
Wong Kin Jong, Suratman Markasan, and Richard James Wilkinson.
Chua Thian Poh, N. Palanivelu, and Xu Yuan Zhen.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Mount Echo Park?
Lilah, Treena, and Kiarra.
Please show me the way to Central Youth Guidance Office.
Hong Kah Secondary School, Keat Hong Shopping Centre, and Stores Road.
Can I take the MRT to North Boat Quay?
Isidor, Gunda, and Nash.
Growell is on promotion.
Johan, Ogawa, and Dell.
86th
Could you tell me the way to North Buona Vista Drive?
I am meeting Nikki at Maju Avenue first.
Select the fastest way to Jalan Siantan.
30 Sep. 1992 06:57:39
Salami, Chicken Casserole, and Naengmyeon.
Miso Soup, Beef Vindaloo, and Kimchi Jjigae.
Shepherds Drive
there is a food court selling chee cheong fun behind Donta's house.
Lim Tiong Ghee, Tan Teck Soon, and Alexander Guthrie.
Could you tell me the way to Park Hotel?
What is the latest Hygin X product?
What can I do in Grenada?
I am waiting for Mareli to come back from Jalan Wangi.
Please look for Emanuel when you reach Jalan Murai.
How many calories does a serving of Jokbal have?
How long does it take to get to Ministry of Defence by taxi?
Gopal Baratham, Low-Jimenez Felicia, and Ramli Sarip.
chrysanthemum fried grouper, golden sand bun, and curry chicken.
Where is Lorong Sesuai?
This is the best Soba that I can find.
Bhai Maharaj Singh Memorial Gurdwara Temple, Jalan Limau Kasturi, and AWWA Special School.
Please tell me how to cook Crepe.
Suu Balm, Hiruscar, and Fibrosol.
Ginger Onions beef, kueh ubi kayu, and tau huay.
Pan Pacific Serviced Suites Beach Road, Bulim Street, and Johore Road.
Ang Peng Siong, John Frederick Adolphus McNair, and Alexander Wolters.
Can I take a bus to Downtown East?
How long will it take to walk to Singapore Mariners' Club?
Lord Buddha Temple, Bulim Industrial Park, and Nassim Hill.
What is the distance to Sungei Kadut Avenue?
Select the fastest way to Kaki Bukit Crescent.
hae mee is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
seafood fried rice, stir fried mee tai mak, and Butter Sotong.
This shop sells butter calamari.
Doc, Easter, and Aleta.
prata onion, liu sha bao, and dum briyani.
I like nasi goreng seafood tiga rasa very much.
Where can I find the best Pizza?
Is Sangobion popular in Singapore?
Pamella, Sunday, and Orin.
7 1 2 5 6 8 6 0 3 5
David Tay Poey Cher, Eng Siak Loy and Yong Nyuk Lin? You are not familiar with these names?
Pulau Punggol Timor Industrial Park 1, Tiong Poh Road, and Wink Hostel.
Sri Ruthra Kaliamman Temple, Marymount Road, and National Library.
Tatia, Zion, and andra.
deep fried Pork Knuckle, teochew huat kueh, and egg tart.
there is a food court selling Chinese Spinach with assorted eggs behind Ernestine's house.
Amari, Kristofer, and Kiara.
air zam-zam is very tasty.
Ennis, Deon, and Lorenz.
Aaliyah bought Butter Sotong for Kaci.
I can't eat all of this nasi pattaya.
Wong Chong Sai, Tan Kheam Hock, and R. Ramachandran.
Can I take the MRT to Sun Yat Sen Villa?
Do you know how to cook chai tow kway?
Nealy loves Jalebi.
Leanna, Cali, and Sylvia.
How much is air karthira?
Sukiyaki, Yakitori, and Soba.
deep fried fish, chrysanthemum fried grouper, and serunding.
Does Chorizo taste good?
PA01F7
Sang Nila Utama, Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani, and Limat Sabtu.
the class assignment was to study about Olivia Lum, Tun Sri Lanang and Fock Siew Wah.
Arthur Henderson Young, Michael Anthony Palmer, and Lim Kok Ann.
Yaki Soba, Tandoori Chicken, and Gyros.
Marina Barrage, Jalan Pandan, and Bunc Hostel.
Enjoy your baked tapioca.
Hurley
Lim Kay Tong, Tsung Yeh, and Lee Kip Lin.
Dottie is dropping me off at Kay Poh Road.
Namly Hill, Compassvale Street, and Third Lok Yang Road.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Wee Beng Chong and Seah Eu Chin.
Marina Bay Cruise Centre, Peakville Terrace, and Howard Road.
Isomil, Acura, and Stalford Learning.
Uthapam is a must-try.
half past three
Sundarajulu Lakshmana Perumal, Tan Shen, and Bashir Ahmad Mallal.
Keppel Hill, Montfort Secondary School, and Maria Avenue.
Jalan Telawi, Jalan Sultan, and Dunlop Street.
A series of biographies about Chan Chew Koon Michael, Peter Lee and Tan Siah Kwee was recently published.
8462 9649
K. Shanmugam, Lim thean Soo, and Arthur Yap.
Samosa, Tenmusu, and Papadum.
I am particular about my stir fry pork with Ginger Onions.
Pratap, Manindra, and Pritiviraj.
Show me the way to Elias Road.
How many calories does a serving of png tao have?
I am looking for a tour around India.
Nightingale Nursing Home, Changi South Street, and York Road.
Where is Heng Mui Keng Terrace?
Chao Yoke San, Yuen-Peng McNeice, and Danaraj.
9515 2330
idly is a must-try.
Number Sequence is S0613947J and date of birth is 06 May 2002.
Chua Koon Siong, Tan Tong Hye, and Chuang Hui Tsuan.
Paradise Restaurant, C Cube, and St Ives.
Bertram, Jewell, and Drury.
Montie, Graves, and Orlin.
LRT, ROM, and SMC.
Demond bought Unagi for Lane.
Henry Tan, Tan Tee Yoke, and Perumal Govindaswamy.
the people included in the list are Leong Yee Soo, Lim Siong Guan and Alfred Duff Cooper.
CJC, LTA, and SPORTSG.
Find the fastest way to Teow Hock Avenue.
6746 0775
Tung Yue Nang, Yeng Pway Ngon, and Loo Choon Yong.
52,295
Which bus should I take to Loke Yew Street?
6562 2458
Nathan Hartono, Chris Yeo Siew Hua, and Montague William Pett.
Tell me the price of Chicken Tikka.
Lim Hwee Hua, Halimah Yacob, and Lee Choon Guan.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Wu Tai Shan Temple?
Show me the way to Sims Way.
Conor recently opened a new Omurice restaurant.
It is faster to take the bus to South East CDC.
Nassim Hill, His Sanctuary Services Church, and Jalan Dua.
I like kuay chap very much.
the library recently did a roadshow on Yeo Shih Yun and Braema Mathi.
Vivian Balakrishnan, Grace Chia, and Vikram Nair.
6615 1748
ISA, OCBC, and HTSCI.
Bong Hiong Hwa, P. Krishnan, and Adeline Foo.
You must try Kheer when you are here.
Kinder, Red Man, and Comfort.
Risotto, Omurice, and Samosa.
Number Sequence is S4162035V and date of birth is 25 August 1927.
I am particular about my herbal egg.
Do you know how to cook Deodeok gui?
Sunsilk, Tatsumoto, and Sunplay.
P. Govindasamy Pillai, Ng Yak Whee, and Tay Chee Toh.
Vandana, Manohar, and Bellur.
Choo Hwee Lim, Yap Su-Yin, and Shui Lan.
MH1ISP
Christopher Chia, Mak Lai Peng Christine, and Chris Ho.
How do I get to Singapore Anti-Narcotics Association?
Pork Knuckle is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
ku chai kuih is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook rawon.
Jennifer Tham and Lau Teng Chuan has met this person that I know of.
RI, NRIC, and IRAS.
Vegetable Jalfrezi, Wasabi, and Panang Curry.
9 5 9 1 2 1 8 8 0 3
Seletar Satellite Station Road, Artillery Close, and the Westin.
What are the landmarks near Buddha Tooth Relic Temple and Museum?
Felix is dropping me off at Queen Elizabeth Walk.
Do you know where is Jalan Bukit Merah?
Aubrey, Anthony, and Domenico.
Singapore Foochow Association
Pureen, Cafe De Paris, and New Balance.
Osteocare, Futuro, and Ridwind.
Xi Ni Er, Ye Shufang, and Grace Chia.
Arthur Yap, Foong Fook Kay, and Yong Lew Foong.
I can't eat all of this steamed garoupa.
midnight yesterday
Collette, Natosha, and Christoper.
Yun Nam Hair Care, Guardian, and Yuri.
Adan Jimenez, Bernard Francis James, and Charles Burton Buckley.
Please look for Sigurd when you reach Synagogue Street.
Please tell me how to get to Singapore Foochow Association.
Ootoro Sushi, Sauerkraut, and Ratatouille.
What is Tirana famous for?
Prata Chocolate is very tasty.
I am waiting for Loren to come back from Soon Wing Road.
Number Sequence is T4870913Q and date of birth is 29 June 1947.
Do you know where is Old Terminal Lane?
Jannie Tay, John Purvis, and Lee Kuan Yew.
Isaak loves Kimchi Jjigae.
I am waiting for Tana to come back from Link Hotel.
Radin Mas Neighbourhood Police Post, Tangmere Road, and Jalan Jitong.
Find the fastest way to Thomson.
Keshia bought nasi goreng daging merah for Kimora.
Palm View Primary School
Dunman High Hostel, Chu Lin Road, and MOE Heritage Centre.
Lim Yew Kuan, Kee Bee Khim, and Sylvia Tan.
I like Idili very much.
Upper Hokkien Street, AXA University Asia-Pacific Campus, and Chin Cheng Avenue.
SAL, SAF, and PAP.
Anand, Keeravani, and Pradip.
Chua Mia Tee, Rosaline Chan-Pang, and Sim Wong Hoo.
Which bus should I take to Lady Hill Road?
Othman Wok, Richard Eric Holttum, and Hedwig Anuar.
46,678
dosa, crispy golden brown bun, and Ginger Onions pork.
Hylam Street, Hua Song Museum, and Tai Thong Crescent.
What is the cheapest way to Asphodel Inn?
Jeryl, Braxton, and Doyle.
Tan Lian Chye, P. Ramlee, and Nai Swee Leng.
4 5 2 9 7 1 9 2 6 5
I'm a loyal customer of Selsun.
Waringin Walk, Mattar Road, and Jiak Kim Street.
Lorong Pisang Batu, Bath Road, and Jalan Tambur.
This shop sells Garden Stroganoff.
Fuchun Primary School, Mandai Executive Golf Course, and Sri Senpaga Vinayagar Temple.
prata masala, mee sua, and Soya Beancurd.
Jalan Batu, College Avenue West, and Boon Teck Neighbourhood Police Post.
Raynard is dropping me off at Mount Sinai Lane.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Cheng Soon Garden?
How many calories does a serving of frog porridge have?
Rasheed, Connie, and Windy.
Econ Medicare Centre, Fort Road, and Teck Hai Keng Temple.
HB4UL7
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Hang Jebat?
Bunga, Syed, and Farish.
Mohammad Arif Suhaimi, Ore Huiying, and Eng Siak Loy.
Do you know how to cook kopi c?
asam pedas, deep fried Pork Knuckle, and nasi briyani ayam.
Nothing beats having stir fried pork with Ginger Onions in the summer.
Rahimah Rahim
Please show me the way to Bayfront Lane 1.
45,930
How long will it take to walk to Happy Hotel Spring?
I am thinking of visiting Saint Kitts and Nevis. Can you go with me?
SBF, GCE, and NDP.
Shawn recently opened a new nasi pattaya restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Parbury Avenue.
MICE, BBDC, and CGH.
How long will it take to walk to Lorong Sahad?
Yeh Chi Wei, Madhavi Krishnan, and Edmund Cheng.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Fong Hoe Beng, Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis, and Janil Puthucheary.
Khoo Oon Teik, Tan Cheng Lock, and Lim Kim Boon.
telur mata lembu, xi ban, and wantan mee.
Please tell me how to cook Shark's Fin Soup.
Where should I go in Curacao?
It's about 5 minutes' walk to Farmway.
the Quincy Hotel, Jalan Berseh, and Mccallum Street.
Gog Sing Hooi, Lim Siang Keat Raymond and Lim Fei Shen? Are you not familiar with these names?
Matthew Yap, Margaret Chan, and Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai.
Dal Makhani, Pretzel, and Barfi.
Could you tell me the way to the Duke?
Diallo is dropping me off at SMU School of Information Systems.
Sembawang Terminal Avenue 3
Khoo Seow Hwa, Hanson Ho, and Ernest Goh.
Sommerville Road, Telok Blangah Green, and Compassvale Bow.
Rogan Josh is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
Rose Chan, Chen Cheng Mei, and Jay Lim.
Number Sequence is S4125839D and date of birth is 02 November 1992.
9879 0641
Enjoy your sop kambing.
3 5 1 0 4 5 4 7 1 0
08 Feb. 1924 09:48:44
Joan Pereira, Low Swee Chen, and Walter Woon.
Phan Ming Yen, Zainal Abidin Ahmad, and Tay Chee Toh.
6190 0924
Which bus should I take to Jelebu Road?
MKUP, RVCA, and Comfort.
Enjoy your Takikomi Gohan.
Oda loves kopi o.
Royal Selangor, Jalan Sempadan, and Canton Street.
Ho Hong Sing, Chan Chew Koon Michael and Low Sanmay are in the database.
Goh Lay Kuan, Balaji Sadasivan, and Tan Chee Teck.
Reese recently opened a new kueh kodok restaurant.
Shaffiq Selamat, Zainudin Nordin, and Ang Yoke Mooi.
Sonny Yap, Othman Wok, and Goh Eng Han.
Mai, Jerrod, and Jamey.
Triumph, Chateraise, and Nintendo.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Henderson Wave?
Kalguksu, Sushi, and Coriander Chutney.
Liao Yingru, Robert Ibbetson, and Ong Pang Boon.
Please tell me how to get to Shangri La Close.
Zikri, Aqil, and Intan.
Number Sequence is T3024175S and date of birth is 15 February 1938.
Find the fastest way to Joo Yee Road.
I want to travel to North Korea. What should I take note of?
You must try sop kambing when you are here.
Huawei, Surfer's Paradise, and Asos.
Mcvitie's, So Pho, and MINISO.
herbal bak ku teh, plain naan, and glutinous rice cake.
Nevin, Travon, and Arlene.
Sam Leong, Lee Shu Fen, and Tay Kay Chin.
Select the fastest way to Gek Poh Ville.
Agedashi Dofu, Takikomi Gohan, and Dangojiru.
MRT, LKY, and HEB.
Swissgear
Yunos, Nurul, and Syafiq.
I would like to visit Abu Dhabi.
We studied about Seah Kian Peng, Ka Perumal and Evelyn Goh in the class assignment.
Does teochew huat kuih taste good?
Lee Kuan Yew, Leo Hee Tong, and Teng Mah Seng.
T1 Arrival Crescent, East Church Road, and Riverlife Church.
Kushiyaki, Seafood Paella, and Takikomi Gohan.
Akshay, Raja, and Balaji.
Where can I find the best appam?
Mohamed Rozani Maarof, Tan Teng Kee, and Lau Poo Seng Raymond.
Engineering Drive 2
Ootoro Sushi is very tasty.
Bukit Panjang Fire Post, Potong Pasir Joint Temples Association, and Serangoon Link.
I am particular about my Imoni.
Stanley Warren, Tan Biyun, and Ow Chin Hock.
AUD, franc, and Peso.
Guardsman, Toy Outpost, and Hasbro.
I am meeting Marcy at the Woodbridge Museum first.
Yo Po Tee, Lee Li Hui, and Tan Leo Wee Hin.
5,898
You must try crab bee hoon when you are here.
610,952
Chin Chow Drink, black chicken herbal soup, and ice-cream bread.
Jalan Todak, Jalan Lye Kwee, and Singapore Air Traffic Control Centre.
How far away is Jalan Pelepah from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Esther Tan, Daren Shiau and Lee Hoon Leong!
Number Sequence is S6321584T and date of birth is 11 November 1952.
Please look for Erma when you reach Choa Chu Kang Street.
Thaddeus bought Takoyaki for Dwan.
Where can I get cheap food in Astana?
It is faster to take the bus to Greenfield Drive.
This shop sells Garlic Pork and Pork Floss with brinjal.
0 0 9 1 6 3 3 9 4 4
Ang Teck Bee, Seah Peck Seah, and Rebecca Chua.
Hougang Central Post Office, Broadrick Secondary School, and Christ Methodist Church.
UIC, Woh Hup, and Persil.
I would like to have a good view of Bridgetown.
Suzan, Nella, and Margarete.
What is the easiest way to one 15 Marina Club?
Ketoconazole Shampoo, Cleanz Plus, and Betadine.
What is the distance to fort Siloso Tours?
Hotel Ascendere, Goodlink Park, and Dover Crescent.
Babasaheb, Birbal, and Kapil.
Serangoon Avenue
I am waiting for Minoru to come back from Jansen Close.
Geylang Lorong 8, Fernvale Link, and Kwan-in Welfare Free Clinic.
Kushikatsu, Ramyeon, and Pork Bulgogi.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Teo Eng Seng, Anthony Miller and David Tay Poey Cher.
Kuo Pao Kun, Huang Shiqi Joan, and Lee Kong Chian.
8791 0872
Cole recently opened a new Alu Gobi restaurant.
Eric Khoo, V. Pakirisamy Pillai, and Chua Hak Lien Dave.
I knew a person who has met both Perumal Govindaswamy and Claire Chiang.
Jita Singh, Lim Kok Ann, and J. Y. Pillay.
Alvin Pang, Aaron Lee, and Lim Loh Huat.
Seletar Link, Lucky View, and Tuas Basin Lane.
Chan Soh Ha, Arthur Ernest Percival, and David Marshall.
Springleaf Tower, Jalan Daud, and Mapletree Anson.
How much is Maili Kofta?
Number Sequence is T2894506B and date of birth is 09 August 1977.
Tell me the price of talam ubi.
Omron, Vitahealth, and Physiogel.
Xzavier, Torrey, and Ashely.
Z96D2H
Brani Drive 7, North Canal Road, and Irau Drive.
sweet and sour prawns, coconut kuih, and fried grouper.
Nothing beats having Red Ruby in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Benoi Crescent?
I am meeting Blanca at Eastwood Road first.
How long does it take to get to Woodlands Galaxy Community Club by taxi?
eleven PM this evening this evening
MMS, SMRT, and SAM.
Does kai lan beef taste good?
Ruben Pang, Ho Ho Ying, and Lau Chiap Khai.
paru is well-known in my hometown.
Which are the famous attractions in Monrovia?
Rahayu Mahzam, David Lee, and Lim Swee Lian Sylvia.
Yakitori, Sekihan, and Lentil Soup.
5897th
Beauty World Plaza, Meritus Mandarin, and Punggol Park.
This is the best kopi c that I can find.
What is the distance to Senja Road?
har cheong gai, milo, and kuih kemboja.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Tiong?
Kelvin Tan, Owyang Chi, and Tan Sin Aun.
Edwin Thumboo, Joanna Wong Quee Heng, and Ong Peng Hock.
Dhokla is well-known in my hometown.
How much is nasi briyani kambing?
Ee Boon Kong Henry, Bill Chen, and Lee Kip Lin.
Leedon Park, Meyer Road, and Darul Ihsan Orphanage.
Goh Eng Han, Boey Kim Cheng, and Eng Yee Peng.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Everton Park?
Mount Faber Road, Siglap Gardens, and Asia Square South Tower.
ABF4QH
This is the best nasi goreng kampung that I can find.
Kamameshi, Salami, and Unadon.
Ben, Kamilah, and Kanye.
How far away is Bukit Mugliston from here?
Please show me the way to Pandan Gardens.
Ma Lai Gao is a must-try.
Peng Yuyun, S. Iswaran, and Charles Burton Buckley.
How long does it take to get to Kent Ridge Road by taxi?
How do I get to Rambutan Road?
Number Sequence is S9812703D and date of birth is 30 September 1921.
9878 0295
Please look for Verlin when you reach Dunlop Street.
Yeo Shih Yun, Leonard Montague Harrod, and Harbans Singh.
Latifah loves kueh lopes.
3625 0073
Lim Guat Kheng Rosie, Darryl David, and Lim Tik En David.
I am meeting Caren at Evans Road first.
What is the fastest way to Fullerton Square?
Boey Chuan Poh, Joseph Balestier, and Low Swee Chen.
What are the landmarks near Harvey Road?
Nothing beats having Tenmusu in the summer.
Show me the way to Furama Riverfront.
How do I get to Makeway Avenue?
It is faster to take the bus to Race Course Road.
Can I take the MRT to Singapore Swimming Club?
Audrey Wong, N. Palanivelu, and Ernest Goh.
Grace Chia, P. Ramlee, and Khoo Seow Hwa.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Changkat Primary School?
Australis, Woh Hup, and Stuff'd.
Norbert, Maritza, and Enid.
Please show me the way to the Westin.
Corporation Rise, Wishart Road, and Jalan Pari Burong.
Can I take the MRT to Carisbrooke Grove?
Number Sequence is S0958321E and date of birth is 17 December 1973.
Lamont, River, and Brianda.
I want to buy Tigerbalm.
Dettol, Camel, and Housebrand.
4159th
Could you tell me the way to Dido Street?
Select the fastest way to Mimosa Road.
Kimbap, Beef Vindaloo, and Masoor Dal.
Sekihan, Jokbal, and Gyudon.
Upper Aljunied Road
there is a food court selling Burrito behind Albina's house.
Lee Kip Lin, Chia Tee Chiak, and Ali Iskandar Shah.
Could you tell me the way to Commonwealth Link?
Where can I find a shop that sells Pregain?
I am waiting for Miya to come back from Jalan Wajek.
Please look for Ruthie when you reach Elliot Walk.
19 Oct. 1981 06:53:31
How many calories does a serving of Kheer have?
How long does it take to get to Lorong Tanggam by taxi?
Angela Liong, Toh Kim Hwa, and William Shellabear.
ayam masak merah, stir fry mee tai mak, and serunding.
Where is Cheng Soon Crescent?
Cetrimide, Dermale, and Sigvaris.
This is the best Barfi that I can find.
Jalan Sungei, the Colonnade, and Bukit Purmei Road.
Please tell me how to cook Omurice.
Kordel's, Colora Water Colours, and Pansy.
saltish beancurd, sliced fish bee hoon soup, and mutton satay.
Malay Heritage Centre, Toh Close, and Mandai Lake.
Constance Singam, Choo Keng Kwang, and Chng Seok Tin.
Can I take a bus to Somme Road?
How long will it take to walk to Choa Chu Kang North?
What is the distance to the Club?
Select the fastest way to TreeTop Walk.
nasi goreng ayam is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
Black Pepper crab, kuih kasturi, and duck rice.
This shop sells kway teow cockles.
Can I take a bus to Braddell Heights Fire Post?
Coronation Drive, Office of the Public Guardian, and INSEAD Asia Campus.
Lashawn, Morton, and Verla.
crispy golden brown bun, mee kuah, and baked tapioca.
I like popiah very much.
Where can I find the best Chigenabe?
Caltrate is having a discount.
Danyelle, Serena, and Marcie.
2 0 2 6 9 3 9 8 5 0
there is a food court selling bun behind Dicie's house.
B. S. Rajhans, Ng Teng Fong and Mohamed Eunos Abdullah? You are not familiar with these names?
Clover Close, Binjai Hill, and Viking Road.
Lakme Terrace, Poh Huat Crescent, and Tuas Checkpoint.
mui kee, pig's brain soup, and chai tow kway.
there is a food court selling Katsudon behind Phylicia's house.
It's about 45 minutes' walk to John Road.
Young, Shirleyann, and Junious.
yao cai hei ji tang is very tasty.
Joe, Leaner, and Chessie.
Jayde bought Banh Mi for Blanca.
I can't eat all of this kuih talam.
Ho Hak Ean Peter, Jose D'Almeida, and Yeo Yeow Kwang.
Can I take the MRT to Selarang Road?
Do you know how to cook Ginger Onions pork?
Ramon loves Tempura.
Maury, Bridgett, and Latonya.
How much is yang rou tang?
Nachos, Chicken Paprikas, and Kimchi Jjigae.
gong-gong, idly, and crab bee hoon.
Does Minestrone taste good?
IDJZ0S
Zhou Ying Nan, Chia Shi-Lu, and Lee Man Fong.
the class assignment was to study about Tan Siak Kew, George Oehlers and Jacki Passmore.
Agedashi Dofu, Seafood Linguine, and Dangojiru.
Sri Srinivasa Perumal Temple, the Amazing Inn, and Simon Road.
Enjoy your air zam-zam.
Parkway Parade
Vilma Laus, Lim Wee Kiak, and Robert Tan Jee Keng.
Lovie is dropping me off at VIP Hotel.
Bhai Maharaj Singh Memorial Gurdwara Temple, Bangkit Road, and Senja.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Bey Hua Heng and Alan Oei.
the Lawn, Saint Paul's Church, and Cheng Soon Lane.
Do you know where is Singapore Academy of Law?
Pad Thai is a must-try.
quarter to five
Phan Ming Yen, Jing Jun Hong, and Yeo Shih Yun.
Jalan Jermin, Air force Museum, and the Istana.
Deborah, Ozella, and Britney.
Where can I find the best mee pok?
How far away is Catterick Road from here?
Hindu Advisory Board, Bethel Assembly of God Church Singapore, and Cactus Crescent.
Republic Avenue, Oxford Hotel, and Alexandra Terrace.
A series of biographies about Phua Kin Siang, Lim Peng Siang and Intan Azura Mokhtar was recently published.
Mylene Ong, Wong Hock Boon, and Ernest Goh.
Unadon, Chicken Tikka, and Idili.
I am particular about my kuih.
Hri, Uyyalawada, and Rohit.
Show me the way to Hotel Summit.
How many calories does a serving of curry chicken drumstick have?
there are stories about Yan Hui Chang, Judith Prakash and Zai Kuning in the database.
What is the weather like in Thailand?
Union Street, the Church of Jesus, and Dakota.
Where is Jalan Kayu Manis?
Zhang Youshuo, Ng Yak Whee, and Yatiman Yusof.
8408 9599
pulut tatal is a must-try.
Number Sequence is T0342918L and date of birth is 13 January 2000.
BTT, VS, and NEL.
Lee Boon Ngan, Melissa Kwee, and Iskandar Shah.
Disney, ZA, and Barrel.
Ettie, Dayne, and Tracy.
Evelyn, John, and Kenisha.
PWD, MRT, and SNB.
Arlie bought Chicken Tikka for Journey.
Rita Chao, Yau Tian Yau, and Laurence Nunns Guillemard.
the people included in the list are Indranee Rajah, Kelvin Tan and Lee Kip Lin.
FT, OCBC, and SMC.
Find the fastest way to Puay Hee Avenue.
6384 5645
Desmond Sim, Arthur Lim, and Tan Kah Kee.
8,398
Which bus should I take to Park Road?
6918 8678
Andrew Lee, Chan Chew Koon Michael, and Josephine Chia.
Tell me the price of Raita.
Fandi Ahmad, Lina Chiam, and Lucy Ratnammah Samuel.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Lagos Circle?
Show me the way to Hup Hoe Hotel.
Caitlin recently opened a new Samosa restaurant.
Hormel, Nestum, and Bargo.
It is faster to take the bus to Ranggung.
Pasir Panjang Hill Brethren Church, Pang Sua Pond, and Clementi Loop.
I like soursop very much.
the library recently did a roadshow on Soo Bin Chua and Ying E Ding.
Amrin Amin, Al Lim, and Wee Kim Wee.
6097 3951
RVHS, SAL, and ISD.
Wee Lin, Khoo Teck Puat, and Bernard Francis James.
You must try Jalebi when you are here.
Omurice, Beef Vindaloo, and Medu Vada.
I am particular about my chrysanthemum fried grouper.
Do you know how to cook Kamameshi?
Sunny Meadow, Frixion, and Winter Time.
Kishore Mahbubani, Edmund Chen, and Seah Kian Peng.
Jahangir, Neelam, and Akshay.
Singai Mukilan, Ow Chin Hock, and Philip Chia.
0N1DLH
Chia Boon Leong, Cherian George, and Sophia Cooke.
How do I get to Jalan Bumbong?
idly is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
pan fried crispy bee hoon is well-known in my hometown.
Tan See Boo and Saw Ean Ang has met this person that I know of.
IT Show, Hada Labo, and Clean & Clear.
DTL, NSCS, and SSDC.
Kheema, Currywurst, and Shabu-shabu.
1 4 0 2 0 9 1 5 9 4
Durham Road, Lorong Bengkok, and Simpang Bedok.
What are the landmarks near Bencoolen Street?
Aurora is dropping me off at Jalan Ulu Seletar.
Popeyes, Hush Puppies, and Maxi-Cash.
Do you know where is Gambas Crescent?
Phillis, Giovani, and Zachariah.
Freshkon, Earl's Swensens, and Isetan.
Ong Keng Sen, Suradi Parjo, and Alex Abisheganaden.
George Quek, Lee Seng Wee, and Karl Richard Hanitsch.
I can't eat all of this tang yuen.
about half past ten
Marissa, Logan, and General.
L'Occitane, Johnnie Walker, and Prada.
Yo Po Tee, Lim Lee, and Low Ing Sing.
Please look for Estella when you reach Tekka Centre.
Please tell me how to get to National Cadet Corps.
Dal Makhani, Makchang gui, and Samgyeopsal.
I would like to travel to Yerevan.
ikan tiga rasa is very tasty.
Number Sequence is T2968743O and date of birth is 17 April 1976.
Do you know where is Sengkang Riverside Park?
Leong Yee Soo, George Dromgold Coleman, and Eugene Tan Kheng Boon.
Mackenzie loves Wasabi.
I am waiting for Tisha to come back from Professional Engineers Board.
Huddington Avenue, Ettrick Terrace, and Harvester Assembly of God.
Find the fastest way to SIT @ Nanyang Polytechnic.
Marina bought salted egg yolk sotong for Griselda.
Sommerville Estate Road
Kian Teck Drive, Legal Service Commission, and Lengkok Tiga.
Eu Cheng Li Phyllis, Patrick Tay Teck Guan, and Harry Ord.
I like Ravioli very much.
Sago Lane, Mimosa Walk, and Jalan Peradun.
SIM, KJE, and JTC.
Raman, Smriti, and Ramnath.
Tell me the price of ice kacang.
Chua Sian Chin, Lee Ling Yen, and Rahim Omar.
Which bus should I take to Betel Box Backpackers Hostel?
Madeleine Lee, Philip Chia, and Bernard Harrison.
7,753
Daisy Avenue, Weyhill Close, and Southeast Asian Fisheries Development Centre.
What is the cheapest way to Teck Ghee?
Clare, Kendall, and Jan.
P. S. Raman, Arumugam Vijiaratnam, and Foo Chee San.
9 7 2 1 1 4 7 5 4 8
Tena is a well-known brand.
Teck Whye Avenue, Jamiyah Children's Home, and City Vibe @ Clementi.
Bideford Road, Kramat Lane, and PIL Building.
This shop sells Okayu.
Rowell Road, Nicoll Drive, and Riverina Crescent.
gong-gong, kueh kasturi, and fried bun.
Al Lim, Lee Huei Min, and Tay Yong Kwang.
Lorong Ah Soo, Urban Hostel, and Oldham Lane.
Cam is dropping me off at ISEAS-Yusof Ishak Institute.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near T3 Arrival Drive?
How many calories does a serving of matcha red bean shaved ice have?
Chaz, Allyn, and Susanna.
Unity Street, Hollandse School, and Hemmant Road.
WSC8F4
Fatimah, Farah, and Isnin.
Leo Hee Tong, Chao Hick Tin, and Yeo Chee Kiong.
Do you know how to cook rice pin noodles?
salted egg prawns, dendeng paru, and stir fry chicken with ginger onions.
Nothing beats having kuih suji in the summer.
Phan Wait Hong
Please show me the way to Cassia Link.
383,384
How long will it take to walk to Boon Lay Shopping Centre?
What currency does Serbia use?
AMK, RC, and MDA.
Sydell recently opened a new Shabu-shabu restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to SCCCI Building.
ELD, DBS, and AWARE.
Farmers Union, San Remo, and Food Republic.
How long will it take to walk to Kim Chuan Light Industrial Estate?
Xu Yuan Zhen, Chen Chong Swee, and Lancelot Maurice Pennefather.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Goh Ee Choo, Catherine Lim, and Yan Hui Chang.
Tan Kah Kee, Rohani Din, and Lim Chong Pang.
daal, pineapple fried rice, and yao cai hei ji tang.
Please tell me how to cook tauge ikan masin.
Show me the cheapest flights to Ireland.
It's about 29 minutes' walk to Bukit Merah Central.
Moulmein Rise, Lengkong Tujuh, and New Changi Coast Road.
Ong Tjoe Kim, Awang Bakar and Sim Kee Boon? Are you not familiar with these names?
Philip Hoalim, Mahmood Yusof, and Herman Hochstadt.
Tempura, Karaage Fried Chicken, and Lasagna.
Could you tell me the way to T3 Arrival Drive?
Jeff is dropping me off at SAFRA Yishun.
Holy Trinity Church
Han Fook Kwang, Ibrahim Awang, and Tan Yee Hong.
Parkway Surgery & Medical Centre, Seton Close, and Skyline 360.
Papadum is a traditional local cuisine.
Abdul Aleem Siddique, Vivien Goh, and Helen Gilbey.
Number sequence is T7395140E and date of birth is 11 February 1923.
Meteospasmyl Alverine Capsules, Fastum Ketoprofen Gel, and Fluconazole.
8565 9802
Enjoy your sweet and sour deep fried fish.
11 Mar. 2023 14:06:58
Yong Pung How, Amanda Koe Lee, and Sylvia Kho.
Catchick Moses, Punch Coomaraswamy, and Michael Olcomendy.
6886 8435
Which bus should I take to Senoko Crescent?
McVitie's, Red Bull, and San Remo.
Enjoy your Fritada.
Math loves ku chai kueh.
Jalan Chempaka Kuning, Jalan Singa, and Swiss School.
Theresa Noronha, Ong Keng Sen and Phoon Yew Tien are in the database.
Evon Kow, Chao Hick Tin, and Tay Chee Toh.
Winnifred recently opened a new kung po chicken restaurant.
Tan Lip Seng, Leonard Montague Harrod, and James Wong.
Percy Pennefather, Yeo Hwee Bin, and Wen Jinhua.
Hellen, Ardis, and Lennie.
Oxyplus, Charles & Keith, and Build A Bear.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Fan Yoong Road?
Oyakodon, Risotto, and Garden Stroganoff.
Kirsten Tan, Jit Koon Ch'ng, and Lau Siew Lang Doris.
Please tell me how to get to Chen Su Lan Methodist Children's Home.
Safiya, Suriawati, and Haziq.
Number sequence is S9856234G and date of birth is 17 April 1929.
Find the fastest way to Phoenix Park.
I want to travel to Slovakia. What should I take note of?
You must try otah when you are here.
Mothercare, Palmolive, and Chupa Chups.
Rolex, Sheng Siong, and Habibie.
acar, yao cai bak kut teh, and onion thosai.
Zhuang Shengtao, Sir Shenton Thomas, and Wong Tuang Seng.
Select the fastest way to Amara Sanctuary Resort.
Falafel, Burrito, and Tom Yam Goong.
SAJC, MCE, and HCI.
MDIS University Campus
Hafsa, Ariff, and Guntur.
What are the best restaurants in Zagreb?
We studied about Bernard Francis James, Neo Chwee Kok and Yan Hui Chang in the class assignment.
Does curry chicken drumstick taste good?
Samuel George Bonham, Grace Young, and See Chak Mun.
Jalan Merdu, Marsiling Neighbourhood Police Post, and Golden Star Hotel.
Fish and Chips, Imoni, and Onion Pakora.
Kanshi, Veerapandiya, and Narayana.
Where can I find the best oyster omelette?
Lily Neo, Bey Hua Heng, and Lim Soo Ngee.
Oyakodon is very tasty.
Trick Eye Museum, Rotan Lane, and Pioneer Junior College.
I am particular about my Sekihan.
Grace Chia, Ravinder Singh, and Chen Wen Hsi.
Ruble, CAD, and Rufiyaa.
Crocodile, Papa Alfredo, and Couple Lab.
I am meeting Carolina at Tekka Lane first.
Hilmi, Dara, and Senin.
Bani Haykal, Elim Chew, and Kenneth Keng.
3,224,646
You must try hati ayam when you are here.
3,514
nasi briyani ayam, telur dadah, and kopi o.
Straits View, Sheng Jia Temple, and Bayfront Link.
How far away is Hostel Lah from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Christopher Tan, Goh Chiew Lye and Lim Boon Keng!
It's about 28 minutes' walk to Lemon Avenue.
Number sequence is S4036298I and date of birth is 08 July 1929.
Please look for Freida when you reach Jurong Pier.
Reinhold bought Tonkatsu for Dorathy.
How long is the flight to Kigali?
It is faster to take the bus to Ironside Road.
1 9 4 5 8 4 9 2 2 6
Goh Chiew Lye, Abdul Ghani Hamid, and Chua Joon Siang.
Criminal Investigation Department, Grove Avenue, and Woodlands Waterfront Promenade.
Osim, Art Friend, and Lee Hwa Jewellery.
What is the fastest way to Bandar Seri Begawan?
Ashlie, Mahala, and Markel.
What is the easiest way to Nanyang Khek Community Guild?
Hirudoid, Neutrogena, and Cartigain.
Vandana, Chandi, and Tanguturi.
John Fraser
I am waiting for Josue to come back from Brani Way.
Suraya, Eka, and Andika.
One Shenton Tower, Teck Guan Street, and James Cook University Singapore.
Beef Galbi, Quesadillas, and Coriander Chutney.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Run Run Shaw, Chee Soon Juan and Wiebe Wolters.
Chu Chee Seng, Lee Boon Wang, and Ling Siew May.
8464 4705
Buna recently opened a new chicken rice restaurant.
Koh Bee Tuan Joyce, Chew Choo Keng, and Alex Josey.
Chang Beer, Acuvue, and Fujifilm.
I knew a person who has met both Mohamed Taha Haji Jamil and Madeleine Lee.
Low-Jimenez Felicia, Jacki Passmore, and Koh Mun Hong.
Hon Sui Sen, Faridah Hanum, and Liew Wee Mee.
Countryside Walk, Eurasian Association of Singapore, and Kwan Siang Tng Temple.
Ang Peng Siong, Lee Hee Seng, and Henry Tan Yoke See.
Damai Crescent, Mountain Biking, and Lorong Stephen Lee.
How much is Navratan Korma?
Number sequence is T6794123D and date of birth is 21 January 2011.
Tell me the price of bistake.
Natura House, Blephagel, and Redoxon.
There is a food court selling kuay chap behind Ginger's house.
Garvin, Thora, and Reagan.
Z07EH3
Canberra Crescent, Hindhede Nature Park, and Jamiyah Nursing Home.
prata masala, mee goreng, and sambal sotong.
Number sequence is S6795841C and date of birth is 01 September 2020.
Nothing beats having roasted crispy spring chicken in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Duxton Road?
I am meeting Keyon at Richards Avenue first.
How long does it take to get to Fortune Centre by taxi?
round about half past seven
SAF, MOM, and NTU.
Does kueh bingka ubi taste good?
Zai Kuning, Bey Soo Khiang, and Evelyn Goh.
coin prata is well-known in my hometown.
I want to have a look around Ottawa. Please guide me.
Chan Chee Seng, Nicolette Teo Wei-min, and Choe Fook Cheong Alan.
I can't eat all of this Mediterranean Penne.
Where is Joo Koon?
Makchang gui, Chorizo, and Ochazuke.
616th
Lorong Rusuk, Empress Road, and Yunnan Crescent.
This is the best spinach with triple egg that I can find.
What is the distance to San Yu Adventist School?
kueh talam tepong pandan, red bean soup, and kuih ubi kayu.
What are the landmarks near Plymouth Avenue?
Wang Dayuan, Zhang Hui, and Alex Yam Ziming.
Kheema is well-known in my hometown.
Tan Tee Suan, Mohamed Taha Haji Jamil, and Anthony Miller.
How much is belacan?
Lee Wung Yew, Sat Pal Khattar, and Gopal Baratham.
Hilmi Johandi, Kwek Siew Jin, and Simon Tay Seong Chee.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Management Development institute of Singapore?
Kwong Avenue, Kallang Bahru, and Edgefield Secondary School.
2IAYJC
This is the best duck noodle that I can find.
Rogan Josh, Katsudon, and Garden Stroganoff.
Delinda, Buna, and Blaze.
How far away is Sree Veeramuthu Muneeswaran Temple from here?
Please show me the way to Gul Circle.
Emel by Melinda Looi, Kodak, and Marie Claire.
Ng Chee Meng, Ong Sam Leong, and Winston Oh.
How long does it take to get to Japanese Garden by taxi?
stir fried beef with ginger onions, dum briyani, and bak chor mee.
How do I get to Jalan Tiga?
Number sequence is T4269857F and date of birth is 30 March 1969.
8541 4473
Please look for Tahj when you reach Pei Tong Primary School.
Gwee Ah Leng, Arthur Lim, and Vivian Balakrishnan.
Rolanda loves nasi padang.
6608 5025
Tan See Boo, Olivia Lum, and John Fraser.
What is the fastest way to Jalan Sam Kongsi?
Harun bin Abdul Ghani, Neila Sathyalingam, and Lee Siew Choh.
What are the landmarks near Sakya Tenphel Ling Temple?
Nothing beats having Carrot Halwa in the summer.
Show me the way to Kim Keat Christian Church.
How do I get to Jelebu Road?
It is faster to take the bus to Bukit Timah Road.
Can I take the MRT to Toa Payoh Lorong 8?
Hoo Ah Kay, Foo Chee San, and Khoo Cheng Tiong.
Chua Koon Siong, Koh Poh Koon, and Ahmad Khan.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Lorong Marzuki?
Jack N Jill, 100 plus, and Farmhouse Fresh Milk.
Hervey, Cruz, and Adel.
Please show me the way to Soon Lee Drive.
By using names such as Lee Kip Lin, Justin Lean and June Yap -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Teck Hai Keng Temple, Fa Hua Monastery, and Jurong Bird Park.
Can I take the MRT to Ama Keng Road?
Number sequence is T5706491L and date of birth is 24 January 2002.
Crysta, Claudia, and Christiana.
Which Strepsils product is the best-selling?
Jergens, St Ives, and Sealy.
Could you tell me the way to Central Circus?
I am meeting August at Lower Peirce Reservoir first.
Select the fastest way to Gombak Drive.
03 Jun. 1942 05:56:46
Dangojiru, Vermicelli, and Pita.
Currywurst, Kheer, and Sauerkraut.
Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital
There is a food court selling strawberry tofu cheesecake behind Marleen's house.
Percival Frank Aroozoo, Edmund William Barker, and Francis Ng.
Could you tell me the way to Butterfly Park & Insect Kingdom?
What is the latest Propass product?
What can I do in Tonga?
I am waiting for Anita to come back from Jubilee Assembly of God.
Please look for Lindy when you reach Chong Kuo Road.
15 Sep. 1945 01:21:55
How many calories does a serving of Pizza have?
How long does it take to get to Singapore Institute of Management by taxi?
Ling Siew May, Sharon Wee, and Leonard Montague Harrod.
epok-epok sardin, kari kepala ikan, and chap chai.
Where is Sengkang East Road?
Propass, Pansy, and Neostrata.
This is the best Navratan Korma that I can find.
Jalan Wakaff, Waterloo Hostel, and Singapore Institute of Technology.
Please tell me how to cook Quesadillas.
salted egg prawns, getuk getuk, and hainanese pork chop.
Seletar Airport, Singapore Power Training Institute, and Jurong Gateway Road.
John Eber, Hubert Hill, and Lim Cheng Hoe.
Can I take a bus to Gallop Park?
How long will it take to walk to Lorong Nangka?
Jalan Wangi, Paradise Island, and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital.
What is the distance to Home at Hong San Sunbeam Evergreen Place?
lemper pisang is a traditional local cuisine.
black pepper chicken, fried mantou, and hokkien mee.
Can I take a bus to Jalan Lembah Bedok?
Jamiyah Nursing Home, Corporation Road, and Springdale Primary School.
Sarai, Exa, and Alanzo.
sweet and sour sotong, nasi goreng seafood, and sliced fish soup.
I like ginger onions chicken very much.
Where can I find the best Navratan Korma?
Strepsils is having a discount.
Tami, Tyrone, and Felisha.
3 7 9 2 7 1 0 8 4 0
There is a food court selling Chorizo behind Kenia's house.
Lim Chong Yah, Finlayson and Paulin Tay Straughan? You are not familiar with these names?
SMU Lee Kong Chian School of Business, Madrasah Al-Maarif Al-Islamiah, and Sherwood Road.
Tribunal for Maintenance of Parents, Guillemard Lane, and Jalan Ismail.
Champ, Cathy, and Curley.
telur dadah, lontong, and nasi lemak.
There is a food court selling Unadon behind Danita's house.
It's about 12 minutes' walk to Banyan Fire Station.
Charmaine, Simpson, and Viney.
chicken noodles is very tasty.
Khalil, Charles, and Christen.
Celestino bought sambal belacan for Isis.
I can't eat all of this apom berkuah.
Thomas Oxley, Christopher Henry Rothwell, and Ho Sou Ping.
Can I take the MRT to Admiralty Road?
Do you know how to cook sup kambing?
Tisha loves Okayu.
Durward, Chanelle, and Albertine.
How much is appam?
ginger onions chicken, youtiao, and air zam-zam.
W564ZR
Robert Goh, Goh Beng Kwan, and Thomas Braddell.
The class assignment was to study about Sam Leong, Shah Hussain and Cindy Sim.
Joyce Jue, Yatiman Yusof, and Wang Sha.
Marymount Road, Singapore Mariners' Club, and Joo Seng Road.
Enjoy your plaster prata.
Nan Chiau High School
William Jervois, Peter Fu, and Spencer Chapman.
Gertrude is dropping me off at Mount Gerizim Bible.
Richards Avenue, Jalan Intan, and Peach Garden.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Siti Khalijah and Dennis Bloodworth.
Gusti Bed and Breakfast, Gladiola Drive, and Ernani Street.
Do you know where is Siloso Road?
Rexona, Rimmel London, and Venus Beauty.
Sambar is a must-try.
its twenty five past twelve in the afternoon
MacPherson Lane, Punggol Green, and Plumer Road.
Jaliyah, Firman, and Aliana.
Where can I find the best teh halia tarik?
How far away is Primary Dispute Resolution Centre from here?
Sandwich Road, Orchard Turn, and Jalan Jelita.
St John's Crescent, Malay Heritage Centre, and Siak Kew Avenue.
A series of biographies about Liang Eng Hwa, Tan Lee Leng and Shaffiq Selamat was recently published.
8272 3593
Bernice Ong, Aziza Ali, and Ang Kok Peng.
Pulao, Yakitori, and Alu Gobi.
I am particular about my fishball noodle.
Devi, Pranav, and Gopal.
Show me the way to Pasir Ris Coast Industrial Park.
How many calories does a serving of duck rice have?
There are stories about Arumugam Vijiaratnam, Ee Boon Kong Henry and Lim Yau in the database.
Tuas Bay Walk, Khoo Teck Puat Hospital, and Jalan Bangsawan.
Watten Terrace, Park Villas Terrace, and Marymount Lane.
Where is Toh Yi Drive?
Maria Dyer, Che Dah Mohamed Noor, and Andrew Chew.
9802 0608
Number sequence is S7128340G and date of birth is 05 March 1924.
SBF, RSN, and SAC.
Lengkok Saga
Chong Kee Hiong, Goh Yihan, and Ragunathar Kanagasuntheram.
Agusta, Sharla, and Barnie.
Judson, Alfonse, and Bertina.
IR, SIM, and ISD.
Adrianna bought herbal soup for Lona.
The people included in the list are Ong Poh Lim, Lim Siah Tong and Lim Eng Hock Peter.
Find the fastest way to Fragrance Hotel.
3157 5598
Benedict Tan, Ken Seet, and Tun Sri Lanang.
802,903
Which bus should I take to Jalan Lokam?
3711 5195
Joyce Jue, Rita Zahara, and Rebecca Chua.
Tell me the price of Kushikatsu.
Ko Teck Kin, Kwek Leng Beng, and Henry Nicholas Ridley.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Lempeng?
Show me the way to Chempaka Kuning Link.
Elsa recently opened a new Dal Makhani restaurant.
Mr Muscle, Audio Technica, and Nova.
It is faster to take the bus to Traveller@SG.
SG Enable, Westwood Crescent, and Burgundy Crescent.
I like kuih manggis very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Ng Teng Fong and Eng Yee Peng.
Chay Weng Yew, Owyang Chi, and Lim Cherng Yih Richard.
6890 6258
EWL, MBS, and COE.
Maarof Salleh, Arthur Ernest Percival, and Chia Cheong Fook.
You must try Ochazuke when you are here.
Mizuno, Atherton, and SK Jewellery.
Makchang gui, Kamameshi, and Maili Kofta.
Number sequence is T0584793X and date of birth is 07 February 1923.
Bossini, Coach, and Optical 88.
Koh Eng Hoon, Lim Cherng Yih Richard, and Ong Koh Bee.
Atal, Jehangirr, and Ketna.
Junie Sng Poh Leng, Wee Toon Boon, and Cheo Kim Ban.
H40MJS
Cindy Sim, Hilmi Johandi, and Chai Hon Yoong.
How do I get to Jalan Mulia?
mee kuah is a traditional local cuisine.
wonton mee is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook bubur cha cha.
Lim Chong Keat and Goh Sin Tub has met this person that I know of.
Nutrisoy, JJ, and Greenfields.
SINDA, GSS, and RSN.
Chicken Paprikas, Chigenabe, and Omurice.
9 4 7 4 0 5 9 5 1 2
Early Childhood Development Agency, Chu Lin Road, and Mandai Lodge.
What are the landmarks near Yew Tee Point?
Walker is dropping me off at Jalan Pesawat.
Singtel, Bia, and Dilmah.
Do you know where is The Harvest Force?
Davian, Donita, and Marion.
Awfully Chocolate, Puma, and Ambros.
Mepilex, Dermaveen, and Omron.
Yeo Shih Yun, Lucy Ratnammah Samuel, and Jiang Hu.
Khoo Oon Teik, Lim Yew Kuan, and Lim Chwee Chian.
I can't eat all of this chilli crab.
Herbert, Tyron, and Olof.
Han Fook Kwang, Lavender Chang, and Chia Kiah Hong Steve.
Please look for Blaise when you reach Thomson Garden Estate.
Please tell me how to get to Coziee Lodge.
Salami, Sushi, and Chicken Pasta.
I would like to have a look around Riyadh.
gulai daun ubi is very tasty.
I am waiting for Celestino to come back from Changi North Rise.
Number sequence is T5193470Z and date of birth is 14 August 2004.
Do you know where is Chee Hoon Avenue?
Jeremy Monteiro, Ore Huiying, and Alex Josey.
Rebeca loves Kimchi jjigae.
I am waiting for Rex to come back from Jalan Telang.
Joyfor Backpackers' Hostel, Pan Pacific, and Balmoral Crescent.
Find the fastest way to Coronation Drive.
Tiana bought black pepper crab for Winter.
Jalan Lana
Bermuda Road, Clarke Quay, and Clover Way.
Zhang Bohe, Charles Dyce, and Ang Peng Tiam.
I like Pita very much.
Jalan Peradun, Faculty Avenue, and Jurong Secondary School.
OCS, CAG, and MDIS.
Nathan, Kasiviswanathan, and Tipu.
Tell me the price of ketupat.
Ng Teng Fong, Ashley Isham, and Grace Young.
Which bus should I take to Ministry of Education Language Centre?
S. S. Ratnam, Chew Choo Keng, and Muhammad Ariff Ahmad.
4,687,382
lor mee, sotong char kway, and mooncake.
Windsor Nursing Home, Jalan Gelegar, and Home Team Academy.
What is the cheapest way to Harbour Front MRT Station?
Benji, Odalys, and Cleola.
Yee Chia Hsing, Loke Yew, and Lim Guat Kheng Rosie.
8 3 8 7 4 3 0 7 9 5
Convatec is one of the leading brands.
Jalan Labu Puteh, One Marina Boulevard, and Bournemouth Road.
Jacaranda Road, Tiong Bahru Plaza, and MAS Building.
This shop sells Unagi.
Bukit Timah Shopping Centre, Jalan Intan, and Goodman Road.
lemak cili padi, tapak kuda, and roasted duck rice.
Jannie Tay, Tan Thoon Lip, and Shui Tit Sing.
Cranwell Road, Thomson Plaza, and Prime Centre.
What products does Vagisil have?
Truman is dropping me off at Omar Khayyam Avenue.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Zhangde Primary School?
How many calories does a serving of lotus leaf duck have?
Obe, Rhea, and Sharonda.
Park Crescent, Jurong Point, and Arton Hotel.
T2XSNG
Amsyar, Dhia, and Firash.
William Butterworth, Corrinne May, and Lee Ek Tieng.
roti john daging, soon kuih, and green bean soup.
Nothing beats having kung po chicken in the summer.
David Lim
Please show me the way to URA Centre.
526,138
How long will it take to walk to Chuan Lane?
I am thinking of visiting South Africa. Can you go with me?
POSB, PDI, and SST.
Elijah recently opened a new Salami restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to UMC Dormitory.
EJC, LTA, and MOF.
Vaseline, Xpressflower.com, and Pentel.
Tan Lian Chye, Ibrahim Omar, and Song Koon Poh.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Ling Siew May, Yeh Chi Wei, and O Thiam Chin.
Wee Kim Wee, Jack Lai, and Ang Yoke Mooi.
red ruby, mutton satay, and dendeng paru.
Please tell me how to cook ban mian.
Is Iran a nice place?
It's about 7 minutes' walk to Cashew Road.
Carcasa Convent, Sri Srinivasa Perumal Temple, and Penjuru Circle.
Winston Choos, Chen Cheng Mei and Yong Pung How? Are you not familiar with these names?
Intan Azura Mokhtar, Darryl David, and Lee Wung Yew.
Chana Masala, Lasagne, and Japchae.
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Batu Nilam?
Temenggong Abdul Rahman, Lee Yock Suan, and Rahayu Mahzam.
Duke-NUS Medical School, Singapore Dragon Boat Association, and Sengkang Public Library.
Fritada is a traditional local cuisine.
Number sequence is S1723506L and date of birth is 28 September 2017.
Coal Tar in Aqueous Cream, Difflam Cough Lozenges, and Domperidone.
9704 5601
Enjoy your roti john.
8 6 7 6 7 0 8 3 1 1
24 Feb. 1996 18:03:33
Hang Chang Chieh, Chan Chew Koon Michael, and Chay Weng Yew.
Bernard Tan, Kwok Peng Kin Francis, and Dato Sri Krishna.
6543 6765
Which bus should I take to Malta Crescent?
Babyliss, Swatch, and Esprit.
Enjoy your Kheer.
Matthias loves seafood bee hoon.
Jalan Tenteram, Nexus International School, and Leisure Park Kallang.
Chow Yian Ping, Sunny Ang and Cheryl Noronha are in the database.
Gan Eng Seng, Juthika Ramanathan, and Koh Eng Hoon.
Benard recently opened a new Saag Paneer restaurant.
Genevieve Chua, Natalie Hennedige, and Ang Chwee Chai.
Pan Shou, D. N. Pritt, and Michael Wong Hong Teng.
Carlene, Jalen, and Jeana.
Dr Martens, Tao Kae Noi, and EC House.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Waringin?
Rogan Josh, Guacamole, and Bibimbap.
Andrew Chew, K. Jayamani, and Lim Boon Keng.
Please tell me how to get to Pasir Ris Elias Community Club.
Nabil, Putri, and Fahmi.
Number sequence is T8206593Z and date of birth is 05 July 1924.
Find the fastest way to Siok Wan Close.
How about a tour in Chile?
You must try nasi goreng seafood tiga rasa when you are here.
Sandisk, Bentley, and Kara.
pecel lele, ice-cream bread, and steamed garoupa.
Ah, Noemi, and Audrina.
Eng Yee Peng, Shangguan Liuyun, and Remy Ong.
Select the fastest way to Upper Palm Valley Road.
Sambar, Ras Malai, and Mochi.
EJC, CRA, and PMO.
Mount Sinai Avenue
Dayang, Aaron, and Rayyan.
I want to travel to Nassau.
We studied about Chua Soo Khim, D. N. Pritt and Edwin Koo in the class assignment.
Does bak chor mee taste good?
Neo Anngee, John Crawfurd, and Zeng Shouyin.
Korokke, Nanakusa-gayu, and Breadsticks.
Jagadish, Elattuvalapil, and Sarojini.
Where can I find the best baby squid?
Thum Ping Tjin, Lee Hsien Yang, and Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani.
Soba is very tasty.
Marrison at Desker, Old Sarum Road, and Fengshan Primary School.
I am particular about my Mugi meshi.
Ko Teck Kin, John Le Cain, and Boey Kim Cheng.
Taka, SGD, and HKD.
Woh Hup, Kwan Loong, and Prata Wala.
I am meeting Stefanie at Bendemeer Road first.
Amrin, Izara, and Deris.
Ahmad Daud, Kay Das, and Anthony Chen.
669
You must try vegetarian bee hoon when you are here.
2,149
ku chai kueh, orh nee, and rendang.
Emmanuel Evangelical Free Church, Silat Walk, and Berean Assembly of God Church.
How far away is Kong Hock Keng Temple from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Ho Ho Ying, Elim Chew and J. Y. Pillay!
It's about 38 minutes' walk to Kerong Walk.
Number sequence is T7842063S and date of birth is 12 January 2028.
Please look for Alwina when you reach Sengkang Sculpture Park.
Hosea bought teh halia tarik for Leanna.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Saint George's.
It is faster to take the bus to Liuxun Sanhemiao.
This shop sells seafood hor fun.
4 6 5 1 1 7 7 5 8 3
Low Sanmay, Zainal Abidin Ahmad, and Lee Ling Yen.
Sakra Jetty, Yew Tee Square, and MOE Building.
Mimeo, MOS burger, and Skinny Pizza.
I would like to have a good view of Riga.
Byron, Chastity, and Davon.
What is the easiest way to Lengkong Tujuh?
What is the distance to Lorong Lada Puteh?
Matrix, Jalan Gelam, and Jalan Woodbridge.
Iswaran, Shunmugam, and Ram Manohar.
Straits View
I am waiting for Isobel to come back from Singapore Land Authority.
Megat, Putri, and Jenab.
Biryani, Makchang gui, and Kushiyaki.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Justin Zhuang, Abdul Jalil Abdul Kadir and Tan Choh Tee.
Lim Hak Tai, Tan Soo Nan, and Lucien Wang.
8394 6020
Caitlin recently opened a new bun restaurant.
Noor S. I., William Shellabear, and Seow Yit Kin.
I knew a person who has met both Rebecca Chua and Art Fazil.
Zai Kuning, Lim Swee Lian Sylvia, and Ron Wong.
Kum Chee Kin, Ong Keng Sen, and Syed Jaafar Albar.
Jalan Senang, Village Hotel, and Libra Drive.
Julian Yeo See Teck, Hossan Leong, and Cheong Choong Kong.
Chatsworth Road, Hillside Drive, and Jalan Siap.
How much is Kimchi jjigae?
Number sequence is S4529107Z and date of birth is 15 January 2001.
Tell me the price of tempoyak.
Cartigain, Panaflex, and Ionil T.
There is a food court selling asam pedas behind Fabian's house.
Eulalia, Son, and Vito.
YLW1UD
Marine Terrace, Hindu Cemetery Path 2, and Farrer Underpass.
mochi ice cream, chee cheong fun, and black pepper beef.
Number sequence is S2975348M and date of birth is 05 December 1922.
Nothing beats having chili crab in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Rienzi Street?
I am meeting Leaner at Dunman Road first.
How long does it take to get to Surin Avenue by taxi?
after five AM in the morning
MHA, LRT, and ICA.
Does butter prawns taste good?
Narana Putumaippittan, Jah Lelawati, and Lee Seng Gee.
bak chang is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Sarajevo.
Lai Kew Chai, Junie Sng Poh Leng, and Navroji R. Mistri.
I can't eat all of this Lamb Vindaloo.
Where is Bayfront Drive?
6023rd
This is the best onion thosai that I can find.
What is the distance to Kelulut Hill?
jian dui, white bee hoon, and pandan cake.
What are the landmarks near Jurong Port West Gate?
Alice Ong, David Tham, and Foo Chee Keng Cedric.
Jo Marion Seow, Ahmad Mattar, and Han Yong Hong.
S. Rajaratnam, Chen Sucheng, and Wong Lin Ken.
How much is cheng tng?
Philip Chia, Jernnine Pang, and Morgan Chua.
Jalan Jermin, Bishan Harmony Park, and Serangoon Gardens Country Club.
Heng Swee Keat, Yeo Hwee Bin, and Janadas Devan.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Rivervale Mall?
Cox Terrace, Mountbatten Neighbourhood Police Post, and Dickenson Hill Road.
97U3KD
This is the best dosa that I can find.
Okayu, Onigiri, and Guacamole.
Dock, Tillman, and Ethelyn.
How far away is Florence Road from here?
Please show me the way to Andrew Avenue.
deep fried fish is a must-try.
Tiger Beer, Carl's Junior, and Kangaroo.
Sha'ari bin Tadin, Aidli Mosbit, and Michelle Lim.
How long does it take to get to Adler Hostel by taxi?
chee cheong fun, roti john daging, and peranakan kueh.
How do I get to Changi South Avenue?
Number sequence is T3471096T and date of birth is 02 May 2014.
9242 8768
Please look for Vincenza when you reach Classique Hotel.
Eric Low, Vincent Leow, and Chew Choo Keng.
Birt loves chilli crab.
3294 3545
Wong Kwei Cheong, Vikram Nair, and Tan Soo Khoon.
I am meeting Jess at Old Ministry of Labour Building first.
What is the cheapest way to Defence Science & Technology Agency?
Navroji R. Mistri, Tan Seng Poh, and Joanna Wong Quee Heng.
What are the landmarks near Woodleigh Close?
Nothing beats having Chana Dal in the summer.
Show me the way to Keris Drive.
How do I get to Duku Road?
It is faster to take the bus to Japanese Garden.
Can I take the MRT to Yuk Tong Avenue?
Yuni Hadi, Syed Sheikh Syed Ahmad Al-Hadi, and Joan Pereira.
Christopher Henry Rothwell, Robert Black, and Kevin Kwan.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Tan Teck Guan Building?
Carrera, Torigo, and Mango.
Glen, Soren, and Marni.
Please show me the way to Bukit Tunggal Road.
By using names such as Kang Siong Joo, Joan Hon and Koh Seng Leong -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Chin Bee Crescent, Minaret Walk, and Eunos Avenue 8a.
Can I take the MRT to Mayflower Avenue?
Number sequence is T3596107R and date of birth is 12 February 1929.
Ariana, Keifer, and Conley.
Carrera, Chomel, and Haagen Dazs.
3094th
Could you tell me the way to Singapore Boys' Home?
I am meeting Talon at Artillery Avenue first.
Select the fastest way to Johns Hopkins Singapore International Medical Centre.
18 Mar. 1957 21:37:29
Minestrone, Motoyaki, and Alu Gobi.
Okinawa soba, Fish and Chips, and Jokbal.
Sunset Close
There is a food court selling otak-otak behind Deonte's house.
Koh Seow Chuan, Cai Bixia, and Alex Ong Boon Hau.
Could you tell me the way to Shipyard Road?
Where can I find a shop that sells Sangobion?
How long is the flight to Guinea-Bissau?
I am waiting for Jolie to come back from Shangri-La Hotel.
Please look for Adolf when you reach Chwee Kang Beo Temple.
16 Aug. 1933 20:14:11
How many calories does a serving of Date Tamarind Chutney have?
How long does it take to get to Pulau Punggol Timor Industrial Park 1 by taxi?
Fandi Ahmad, Yusnor Ef, and Chai Yee Wei.
onion thosai, sop kambing, and ikan tiga rasa.
Where is Penang Road?
This is the best Bibimbap that I can find.
Tanglin Rise, Race Course Road, and Oei Tiong Ham Park.
Please tell me how to cook Gulab Jamun.
Sigvaris, White soft paraffin, and Peptamen.
curry chicken, kueh kaswi, and nasi goreng sambal.
Chan Chin Bock, Ng Yi-Sheng, and Twisstii.
Can I take a bus to Good News Baptist Church?
How long will it take to walk to Taman Jurong Shopping Centre?
Da Qiao Primary School, Furama Hotel, and Shenton Way.
What is the distance to Zehnder Road?
Select the fastest way to Lorong Liput.
stir fried prawn with chili sauce is a traditional local cuisine.
fried bun, kueh kemboja, and yao cai bak kut teh.
This shop sells soya milk.
Can I take a bus to SAFTI Tower?
Hong Wen School, Poh Jay Temple, and Library at Orchard.
Diya, Javen, and Brook.
orh nee, chai kueh, and salted egg yolk sotong.
I like murtabak lembu very much.
Where can I find the best Garden Stroganoff?
What can I use Natura House for?
Lorene, Iyanna, and Wava.
9 5 2 9 8 8 4 5 6 4
There is a food court selling Lasagna behind Martine's house.
Ahmad Sonhadji Mohamad, George Nigel Douglas-Hamilton and Martin Yan? You are not familiar with these names?
Hawker Centres Division, Architecture Drive, and Tai Thong Crescent.
Peninsula Hotel, Ashwood Grove, and Bahtera Track.
Veta, Mallorie, and Thompson.
lemper pisang, bhindi masala, and dum briyani.
There is a food court selling bee tai mak behind Leesa's house.
It's about 59 minutes' walk to Arton Hotel.
Rafael, Lenard, and Tomie.
kai lan beef is very tasty.
Lemon, Nicole, and Deron.
Alexande bought Chaat Papri for Asa.
I can't eat all of this butter pork ribs.
Masuri S. N., Barry Desker, and Vincent Leow.
Can I take the MRT to River Valley Neighbourhood Police Post?
Do you know how to cook nasi padang?
Renada loves roti john.
Fenton, Georganna, and Alaina.
How much is fried grouper?
Okinawa soba, Onigiri, and Omurice.
fried grouper, seafood congee, and soon kway.
Does Gobchang gui taste good?
Edmund Chen, Goh Eng Wah, and Bernard Francis James.
The class assignment was to study about Ian Ong Li, Wong Chong Sai and Wang Chunde.
Sun Xueling, Goh Tshin En Sylvia, and Grace Fu.
Imoni, Katsu Tendon, and Yaki udon.
Selarang Park Road, One 15 Marina Club, and Management Development institute of Singapore.
Enjoy your pandan cake.
Warna Road
Chew Swee Kee, Amrin Amin, and Davinder Singh.
Abraham is dropping me off at Civil Defence Heritage Gallery.
Caterick Road, Tan Boon Chong Avenue, and Hillview Camp.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Goh Pei Siong Daniel and Tan Lip Seng.
Poh Huat Terrace, Tong Lee Road, and Changi Airport Terminal.
Do you know where is Youth Olympic Park?
Red Man, Razer, and Clear.
Taco Salad is a must-try.
Naraina Pillai, Koh Seng Leong, and Constance Sheares.
Queen Astrid Park, Montreal Drive, and Jedburgh Gardens.
Where can I find the best yao cai hei ji tang?
How far away is Kramat Road from here?
Merchant Road, Institute for Infocomm Research, and Ontario Avenue.
Sengkang East Road, Lorong Tukang Dua, and Auckland Road West.
A series of biographies about Louis Ng Kok Kwang, Low Swee Chen and Aini Salim was recently published.
8360 6477
Hanson Ho, Sarkasi Said, and Tan See Boo.
Caramelized Maui Onion Dip, Takikomi gohan, and Burrito.
I am particular about my rawon.
Vinoba, Virat, and Neila.
Show me the way to Wayang Satu Flyover.
How many calories does a serving of chendol have?
There are stories about Murray Buttrose, Jacintha Abisheganaden and Lou Mee Wah in the database.
Jalan Puyoh, Jedburgh Gardens, and Biomedical Research Council.
I am looking for a tour around Central African Republic.
Balmoral Point, Wisma Atria, and Industrial Arbitration Court.
Where is Jalan Tanjong?
Ahmad Mattar, Tan Tee Suan, and Wilfed Lawson.
8334 9505
seafood hor fun is a must-try.
Number sequence is T8142657Z and date of birth is 07 October 1955.
NTUC, CNB, and EZ-LINK.
Audra Morrice
Tun Sri Lanang, Giam Yean Song Gerald, and Lynnette Seah.
Breeze, RVCA, and Lee Hwa Jewellery.
Cannie, Rhona, and Norita.
Lashunda, Michaele, and Stanislaus.
FAS, CIS, and SCDF.
Monnie bought Vegetable Jalfrezi for Gene.
The people included in the list are Sam Leong, Mary Lim and Lim Lee.
KPE, CAG, and SUTD.
Find the fastest way to Kent Ridge Digital Labs.
3664 4421
Phey Yew Kok, Chan Chin Bock, and Cecil Clementi Smith.
392,069
Which bus should I take to Chiku Road?
6444 1851
Zubir Said, Abraham Solomon, and Ahmad Mattar.
Tell me the price of Ravioli.
Munshi Abdullah, Juthika Ramanathan, and Aaron Lee.
Show me the way to Da Silva Lane.
Theron recently opened a new white bee hoon restaurant.
Dove, Anlene, and Fab.
It is faster to take the bus to Thomson Medical Centre.
Equarius Hotel, Fire Safety & Shelter Department, and Bugis Street.
I like stir fry beef with ginger onions very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Alex Yam Ziming and Chao Yoke San.
Tay Chin Joo, Lee Kong Chian, and Simon Wee.
3830 2127
PDI, ORD, and VS.
Andrew Phang, Tan Seng Yong, and Baey Yam Keng.
You must try Pita when you are here.
Sportslink, Prego, and QBread.
Tacos, Japchae, and Minestrone.
Number sequence is S7256941I and date of birth is 28 August 1973.
Do you know how to cook Sashimi?
Amazon, Saizeriya, and Dr Martens.
Goh Keng Swee, Goh Beng Kwan, and Alfian Sa'at.
Chandrasekaran, Sudhir, and Kasturba.
Alice Pennefather, Teng Mah Seng, and Raman Daud.
U9PDGJ
How do I get to Great Eastern Centre?
char kway teow is a traditional local cuisine.
yang rou tang is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook sweet and sour deep fried fish.
Lai Kew Chai and Wong Nai Chin has met this person that I know of.
MPA, PCG, and FMSP.
Onion Pakora, Spaghetti Bolognese, and Nanakusa-gayu.
8 6 5 8 3 5 0 7 1 7
What are the landmarks near Lorong Gambir?
Katelynn is dropping me off at Kim Tian Hotel.
Head & Shoulders, Pagoda Brand, and Vitagen.
Do you know where is Rose Lane?
Limau Walk
Audi, Standard Chartered Bank, and Beauty People.
Vapodrops, Dentiste, and Oppo.
B. R. Sreenivasan, Chia Kwek Fah, and Lee Boon Yang.
Khoo Teng Soon, Ernest Monteiro, and Abdul Samad.
I can't eat all of this bubur cha cha.
the following tuesday
Xndo, Lady's Choice, and Cowhead.
Ngiam Tong Dow, Lim Boon Keng, and Michael Wong Hong Teng.
Please look for Blaze when you reach Clementi Road.
Please tell me how to get to Lew Lian Vale.
Okonomiyaki, Katsu Tendon, and Deodeok gui.
I would like to have a look around Phnom Penh.
nasi goreng kerang is very tasty.
I am waiting for Janine to come back from Jurong Canal Drive.
Number sequence is T6305948W and date of birth is 19 March 2022.
Do you know where is Cluny Park Way?
R. Ramachandran, Tan Howe Liang, and Tan Cheng Lock.
Vernia loves Raita.
I am waiting for Tea to come back from Woodgrove.
Find the fastest way to Tanjong Pagar Distripark.
Sienna bought nasi goreng sambal for Luz.
Singapore Khalsa Association, Coronation Drive, and Kampong Bugis Crescent.
B. R. Sreenivasan, Cheo Chai-Hiang, and Al Lim.
I like Bratwurst very much.
Nanyang Link, Gentle Drive, and Scape Youth Park.
PUB, IC, and SAF.
Birbal, Jayakumar, and Vanu.
Khoo Sui Hoe, Adelene Wee Chin Suan, and Hoo Ah Kay.
Which bus should I take to Sree Narayana Mission Home for The Aged Sick?
Chen Cheng Mei, Som Said, and Yeo Shih Yun.
7,622,961
teochew porridge, rawon, and prata strawberry.
Immigration & Checkpoints Authority, Lengkok Tiga, and Springside Walk.
What is the cheapest way to Jalan Malu Malu?
Tori, Marci, and Amira.
Chris Ho, John Morrice, and See Chak Mun.
6 1 6 9 0 0 3 7 3 2
I'm a loyal customer of Eucerin.
Lorong Halwa, Mount Sinai Avenue, and Lorong Gambir.
Neo Tiew Crescent, Defence Science & Technology Agency, and Venus Road.
This shop sells Navratan Korma.
Yu Huang Tian Temple, Bukit Timah Shopping Centre, and Pahang Street.
lemak siput, bak kwa, and wonton mee.
Victor Doggett, Hussein Aljunied, and Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth.
Marang Road, Betel Box Backpackers Hostel, and Farmway.
What products does Manicare have?
Rudolfo is dropping me off at Health Sciences Authority.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Naga Sari?
How many calories does a serving of kaya balls have?
Cyntha, Hobart, and Ethyle.
Redhill Close, Ring Road, and Lucky Gardens.
PG3FTR
Are there food courts or restaurants near Neo Tiew Lane?
Atiqah, Nadia, and Darwish.
N. Palanivelu, Sai Hua Kuan, and Christopher De Souza.
Do you know how to cook seafood congee?
Szechuan Noodle, fish soup bee hoon, and Black Pepper beef.
Nothing beats having Curry Mixed Vegetable in the summer.
Toh Tuck Walk
Please show me the way to Jalan Tumpu.
5,092
How long will it take to walk to Shuqun Secondary School?
I am thinking of visiting Cabo Verde. Can you go with me?
CNB, MJC, and GSS.
Robb recently opened a new Chimichangas restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Pioneer Secondary School.
WDA, SUTD, and NS.
Silkpro, Hansaplast, and Afiq M.
How long will it take to walk to Weld Road?
Michelle Lim, Saktiandi Supaat, and Henn Tan.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Paulin Tay Straughan, Tan Tong Hye, and Masagos Zulkifli.
Ong Pang Boon, Alexander Wolters, and Ken Lim.
wantan mee, kueh talam, and pig organ soup.
Please tell me how to cook yao cai hei ji tang.
Is Jordan a nice place?
It's about 2 minutes' walk to Chiku Road.
Clementi Loop, Singapore American School, and West Coast Park.
Goh Beng Kwan, Ridzwan Dzafir and Phan Ming Yen? Are you not familiar with these names?
Tay Chin Joo, Ng Eng Hen, and Abdullah Tarmugi.
Sekihan, Chicken Cutlet, and Boribap.
Could you tell me the way to Ironside Road?
Vernie is dropping me off at Onraet Road.
OKI
Wong Lip Chin, Angelina Choy, and Chee Swee Lee.
Harvey Road, Aida Street, and Lembu Road.
Masala Dosa is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
Ho Sou Ping, Goh Heng Soon Sam, and Seow Poh Leng.
Number Sequence is S1762803C and date of birth is 24 April 1952.
Dhamotil Atropine Tablets, Hyoscine Butylbromide, and Dalacin T Clindamycin Phosphate Topical Gel.
9396 7925
Enjoy your nasi ambeng.
7 4 7 5 0 9 9 2 3 2
10 Dec. 1999 07:27:01
Jimmy Chua, Isadhora Mohamed, and Douglas Foo.
Mylene Ong, Syed Abdulrahman Taha, and Teo Ser Luck.
6446 4350
Which bus should I take to Havelock Square?
Michael Kors, My Choice, and New Moon.
Enjoy your Onigiri.
Ursula loves Samosa.
Bukit Timah Neighbourhood Police Centre, Destitute & Shelter Support Branch, and Fernvale Road.
Olivia Mariamne Raffles, Hedwig Anuar and Low Yen Ling are in the database.
Sang Nila Utama, Ibrahim Omar, and Michael Anthony Palmer.
Wenzel recently opened a new Quesadillas restaurant.
Look Yan Kit, Sim Ann, and Samuel Dyer.
Goh Eck Kheng, R. A. Hamid, and Nicky Moey.
the Editor's Market, Barrel, and Pet Lovers Centre.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Kitchener Road?
Taco Salad, Medu Vada, and Alu Gobi.
Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim, Josephine Chia, and Lee Chin Koon.
Please tell me how to get to National Sailing Centre.
Izzara, Indra, and Zulkifli.
Number Sequence is S6395108E and date of birth is 30 July 1974.
Find the fastest way to Engku Aman Road.
I want to travel to Oman. What should I take note of?
You must try kuih talam when you are here.
Saucony, Razer, and Versace.
Johnnie Walker, Lenovo, and Vita Coco.
Black Pepper crab, Prata Chocolate, and Chinese Spinach with assorted eggs.
Selah, Rutherford, and Tameka.
Kay Das, Chong Siew Ying, and Yap Boon Chuan.
Select the fastest way to Banyan Fire Station.
Kushiyaki, Pad Thai, and Ras Malai.
SOU, CDC, and FTT.
KFI Karting Circuit
Lisa, Elyas, and Ryan.
I want to have a long stay in Copenhagen. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about Chong Tze Chien, John Hitchcock and S. S. Sarma in the class assignment.
Does herbal bak ku teh taste good?
Oon Jin Teik, Gretchen Liu, and Jean Mary Marshall.
Bristol Road, Changi Coast Road, and Sky Vue.
Taco Salad, Biryani, and Rogan Josh.
Dev, Kiran, and Ranga.
Where can I find the best rempeyek?
Au Hing Yee, Masagos Zulkifli, and Dan Ying.
Viking Road
Alu Matar is very tasty.
Kim Cheng Street, Allamanda Grove, and one'l5 Marina Club one.
I am particular about my Sauerkraut.
Christopher Chia, Deborah Ong Hui Min, and Amy Khor.
Rupiah, Dong, and Yuan.
Perllini&Mel, Tasty, and Glade.
I am meeting Sylvania at Waseda Shibuya Senior High School first.
Ammir, Bunga, and Juwita.
Yeoh Ghim Seng, Lee Man Fong, and M. Balakrishnan.
559,866
You must try nasi briyani kambing when you are here.
5,248,415
pecel lele, roasted crispy spring chicken, and sop kambing.
Fisher Street, York Hotel, and Saint Stephen's School.
How far away is Morley Road from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Lorna Tan, Chua Beng Huat and Kang Siong Joo!
It's about 25 minutes' walk to Fir Avenue.
Number Sequence is T1095723O and date of birth is 02 August 1922.
Please look for Huey when you reach Kirk Terrace.
Anthoney bought salted egg crab for Derald.
How long is the flight to Asmara?
It is faster to take the bus to Bedok Public Library.
This shop sells cereal prawns.
5 5 6 2 9 3 2 0 6 3
Ngiam Tong Dow, Osbert Rozario, and Justin Zhuang.
Cox Terrace, Heng Mui Keng Terrace, and Singapore Gamma Knife Centre.
Rexona, Kinokuniya, and Beautymaker.
What is the fastest way to Porto Novo?
Carolyn, Austen, and Wells.
What is the cheapest way to Khatib Bongsu?
Polident, Vitahealth, and Sangobion.
What is the distance to Court Road?
Jalan Berjaya, Truro Road, and Changi North Street.
Atal, Ramdev, and Koratala.
Gan Eng Seng
I am waiting for Mariano to come back from Ampang Walk.
Munah, Aina, and Daniel.
Springleaf Link, 71 Robinson Road, and Denham Road.
Tacos, Dal Makhani, and Date Tamarind Chutney.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Quek Ling Kiong, Ahmad Jais and Maria Hertogh.
Hilmi Johandi, Syed Jaafar Albar, and Jack Lai.
9693 4481
Antonio recently opened a new Deodeok gui restaurant.
Sultan Abdul Rahman, Chen Zhiming, and Eddino Abdul Hadi.
Beautex, Kraft, and Natural Project.
I knew a person who has met both Janet Lim and Koh Mun Hong.
Benny Se Teo, Prema Letchumanan, and Alice Pennefather.
Nicolette Teo Wei-min, Harun Bin Abdul Ghani, and Christopher Tan.
Pei Hwa Presbyterian Primary School, Liang Seah Street, and Lorong 1 Geylang.
Ang Hin Kee, Yeo Song Nian, and Lucy Tan.
Townshend Road, Labrador Secret Tunnels, and Red Cross Campsite.
How much is Jalebi?
Number Sequence is T4087915I and date of birth is 02 July 1937.
Tell me the price of kuih dadar.
La Roche Porsay, Pansy, and Omron.
there is a food court selling Jingisukan behind Juliette's house.
Ardelle, Shayla, and Adalynn.
V1RJAH
Gibraltar Road, Tampines Concourse, and Tai Hwan Drive.
stream grouper, jian dui, and plaster prata.
Number Sequence is S4198765S and date of birth is 18 August 1977.
Nothing beats having bhindi masala in the summer.
Can I take a bus to the Claymore?
I am meeting Benny at Joo Chiat Neighbourhood Police Post first.
How long does it take to get to Tamil Methodist Church by taxi?
after two AM this morning
SQ, LUP, and SPF.
Does Garlic Chives Steamed Rice Cake taste good?
Naomi Tan, Khatijah Surattee, and Bill Chen.
Which are the famous attractions in Helsinki?
Lee Peh Gee, Edmund Chen, and Kwek Leng Joo.
I can't eat all of this Saag Paneer.
Where is Upper Changi Road North?
Yaki Udon, Raita, and Navratan Korma.
573rd
Commerce Street, Telok Blangah Rise, and Wittering Road.
This is the best fried mantou that I can find.
What is the distance to twenty Anson?
salted egg fried fish skin, mushroom tofu, and prata masala.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Satu?
Sumida Haruzo, David Kwo, and Goh Teck Phuan.
Yusof Ishak, Ng Ser Miang, and Tan Lark Sye.
Ochazuke is well-known in my hometown.
Wong Heck Sing, Lucy Koh, and Paulin Tay Straughan.
How much is salted egg sotong?
Ridzwan Dzafir, Maarof Salleh, and Lim Chuan Poh.
Springwood Terrace, Causeway Point, and Pines Club.
Low Thia Khiang, Lee Hsien Yang, and Louis Mountbatten.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Central Circus?
Ruby Lane, Spectra Secondary School, and Lorong Kebasi.
A57XCK
This is the best oyster cake that I can find.
Enola, forrest, and Bell.
How far away is Eber Road from here?
Please show me the way to Jalan Langgar Bedok.
bak chang is a must-try.
18Chef, Premier, and Shiseido.
Martin Yan, Nicky Moey, and Ariff Bongso.
How long does it take to get to St Martin's Drive by taxi?
braised Pork Knuckle, lotus leaf chicken, and garlic chicken.
How do I get to Police Heritage Centre?
Number Sequence is T7608452F and date of birth is 20 March 1923.
8931 3495
Please look for Sherilyn when you reach SPRING Singapore.
Arifin, Ridzwan Dzafir, and Lien Ying Chow.
Latrell loves Pizza.
I am meeting Rashida at PS100 first.
What is the easiest way to Cornwall Road?
Harun Bin Abdul Ghani, Othman Wok, and Choor Singh Sidhu.
What are the landmarks near Greenleaf Rise?
Nothing beats having Breadsticks in the summer.
Show me the way to Jalan Ikan Merah.
How do I get to Hon Sui Sen Drive?
It is faster to take the bus to Connexis South.
Can I take the MRT to Middlesex Road?
Milenko Prvacki, Ovidia Yu, and Chew Joo Chiat.
Alex Yam Ziming, Ajit Singh Gill, and Abdullah Tarmugi.
Are there food courts or restaurants near International Baptist Church?
andre, Palmer's, and Indomie.
Miranda, Joellen, and Lisha.
Please show me the way to King's Close.
By using names such as Kesavan Soon, Abdul Halim Haron and Rosaline Chan-Pang -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Saint Regis Hotel, South Beach South Tower, and Auckland Road West.
Can I take the MRT to Nim Crescent?
Number Sequence is S4987621J and date of birth is 26 May 1949.
Cullen, Alvia, and Miracle.
I want to buy Natura Stoma.
MAC, Audio Technica, and Krispy Kreme.
2307th
Could you tell me the way to Bo Tien Temple?
I am meeting Quincy at Laguna National first.
Select the fastest way to Perumal Road.
Pretzel, Beef Vindaloo, and Butter Chicken.
Chicken Paprikas, Ramyeon, and Tenmusu.
Bardot
there is a food court selling Ratatouille behind Juwan's house.
Chen Wen Hsi, Seet Ai Mee, and Edmund Wee.
Could you tell me the way to Brighton Crescent?
I trust Hospicare.
What can I do in Curacao?
I am waiting for Cristina to come back from Penjuru Close.
Please look for Shanelle when you reach Northland Secondary School.
How many calories does a serving of Beef Vindaloo have?
How long does it take to get to Skyline 360 by taxi?
Grace Fu, Vikram Nair, and Ragunathar Kanagasuntheram.
prata banana, kari debal, and kuih bakar pandan.
Where is Alexandra Lane?
Fibogel, La Roche Porsay, and Peptamen.
This is the best Kalguksu that I can find.
Swedish Supplementary Education School, Balam Road, and Alexandra Road.
Please tell me how to cook Hummus.
fried chicken, sam lau, and Prata Chocolate.
Sirat Road, Lange Road, and Charlton Road.
Chia Choo Suan, Ibrahim Omar, and Saktiandi Supaat.
Can I take a bus to Balestier Hill?
Maranatha Bible Presby Church, Wajek Walk, and Elias Park Avenue.
What is the distance to Simon Road?
Select the fastest way to Hai Sing Road.
kaki ayam is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
sup kambing, min chiang kueh, and murtabak rusa.
This shop sells orh nee.
Can I take a bus to Hong San Terrace?
Plaza Singapura, Jalan Kemboja, and 85 Beach Garden Hotel.
Reese, Foy, and Albina.
getuk getuk, ang Ku Kueh, and glutinous rice cake.
I like nasi goreng ayam kunyit very much.
Where can I find the best Tekkadon?
KY jelly is having a discount.
Brande, Holmes, and Hazelle.
3 3 8 0 6 6 7 1 7 5
there is a food court selling Carbonara behind Lim's house.
Woodleigh Link, Frankel Close, and Police National Service Department.
Nakisha, Justice, and Rosetta.
there is a food court selling Lentil Soup behind Hortencia's house.
It's about 35 minutes' walk to Francis Thomas Drive.
Horacio, Emaline, and Tamiko.
kueh dadar is very tasty.
Dakoda, Dondre, and Linna.
Kamren bought chin chow grass jelly for Shafter.
J. B. Jeyaretnam, Kwa Siew Tee, and M. Saffri A. Manaf.
Can I take the MRT to Taman Sireh?
Louanna, Sammie, and Mason.
Tortillas, Nanakusa-gayu, and Omurice.
prata onion, stir fried beef with Black Pepper, and hae mee.
Does Wasabi taste good?
YJCD4I
the class assignment was to study about Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai, Abdul Rahim Ishak and Jean Mary Marshall.
Ong Ah Hoi, Goh Chiew Lye, and Murray Buttrose.
Udon, Chapati, and Samgeyopsal.
Circular Road, Rochor Neighborhood Police Centre, and Kim Seng CC.
Enjoy your deep fried ngoh hiang.
Lim Hwee Hua, Abraham Logan, and Mah Li Lian.
Marnita is dropping me off at Malabar Street.
Jalan Punai, Jalan Terap, and Sumang Walk.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Harry Elias and Madeleine Lee.
Carcasa Convent, Saint Paul's Church, and Armenian Street.
Do you know where is Rumbia?
Barrel, Farmland, and Bengawan Solo.
Pretzel is a must-try.
the previous thursday
Lee Kip Lee, Anastasia Tjendri-Liew, and Lee Geck Hoon Ellen.
Pulau Ubin Police Post, Royal Selangor, and Poh Jay Temple.
Selena, Daniela, and Edyth.
Where can I find the best mooncake?
How far away is Amberwood Close from here?
Sunbird Road, Punggol Park, and 71 Robinson Road.
Elizabeth Drive, Tronoh Road, and Catholic High School.
A series of biographies about Tay Chong Hai, Yeo Chee Kiong and Wang Sui Pick was recently published.
9470 0931
Fish and Chips, Navratan Korma, and Seafood Paella.
I am particular about my Chin Chow Drink.
Iswaran, Chandi, and Jayaprakash.
Show me the way to Commonwealth Link.
How many calories does a serving of tapak kuda have?
there are stories about Aw Boon Haw, Hossan Leong and Winston Choos in the database.
Jalan Jelita, Traffic Police Department, and Sri Mariamman Temple.
Is Timor-Leste a great place to spend the summer holiday?
North Woodlands Link, Tiong Bahru, and Marymount Lane.
Where is Jalan Hormat?
Saw Swee Hock, Anthony Chen, and Goh Beng Kwan.
9505 0483
otak-otak is a must-try.
Number Sequence is T2961054Y and date of birth is 25 July 2006.
RI, NAC, and PCG.
Willin Low, Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering, and Perumal Govindaswamy.
Dettol, Singapore Post, and Nestum.
Marci, Ennis, and Caden.
Mike, Sannie, and Nancy.
Ramona bought kung po chicken for Shanice.
Sylvia Kho, Jacob Ballas, and Jah Lelawati.
the people included in the list are Christopher Chia, Eng Boh Kee and Alexander Laurie Johnston.
RP, SRJC, and MinLaw.
Find the fastest way to Yin Foh Kuan Cemetery.
6541 2793
Ng Yi-Sheng, Lim Chuan Poh, and Heng Cheng Hwa.
37,691
Which bus should I take to Surrey Road?
3918 8169
Tan Biyun, Raman Daud, and Soon Peng Yam.
Tell me the price of Ras Malai.
Chua Ah-Huwa Monica, Runme Shaw, and Ahmad Ibrahim.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near West Mall?
Creola recently opened a new kueh lupis restaurant.
North Face, Tori-Q, and TWG.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Sabit.
I like curry chicken very much.
the library recently did a roadshow on Christina Ong and Phoon Yew Tien.
Tan Yeok Seong, Kwek Siew Jin, and Leong Chee Mun.
6861 4033
You must try Gyros when you are here.
Flora, Asahi, and Toy Outpost.
Naengmyeon, Unagi, and Chimichangas.
Number Sequence is T8217430U and date of birth is 12 September 2009.
I am particular about my kari lemak ayam.
Do you know how to cook Seafood Paella?
Bia, New Look, and Tefal.
Lee Yock Suan, Goh Eck Kheng, and Lee Li Hui.
Kasinadhuni, Aruna, and Dilip.
Shark's Fin Soup is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
chicken noodles is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook nasi goreng ayam.
Vikram Nair and Er Kwong Wah has met this person that I know of.
Pure Blonde, Kinohimitsu, and Overdose.
GCE, SPRING, and PE.
Burrito, Kimchi Jjigae, and Fettuccine Alfredo.
1 9 7 0 9 5 2 2 0 5
Fook Hai Building, Chempaka Kuning Link, and Chong Ghee Temple.
What are the landmarks near twenty Anson?
Marissa is dropping me off at Ang Mo Kio Polyclinic & Dental Clinic.
Ila, Louis, and Phyllis.
Tuas Road
Mirinda, Olympus, and Perfect Italiano.
Stephanie Wong, Darrell Ang, and Lim Peng Han.
Mohamed Taha Haji Jamil, Chia Kwek Fah, and Twisstii.
I can't eat all of this crispy roasted chicken with prawn crackers.
approximately three PM this morning
Charisse, Laurence, and Wiley.
Fraser Hospitality, Khong Guan, and Anello.
Chao Hick Tin, Foo Chee San, and Tony Khoo.
Please look for Leia when you reach Crescent Lane.
Please tell me how to get to Deptford Road.
Chorizo, Udon, and Boribap.
I would like to travel to Quito.
ayam penyet is very tasty.
I am waiting for Glennie to come back from Super 8 Hotel.
Number Sequence is S0682791M and date of birth is 14 November 1978.
Do you know where is InterContinental Singapore?
P. Krishnan, Wong Chong Sai, and Raymond Kang.
Abigail loves Gulab Jamun.
I am waiting for Jeromy to come back from Sireh Place.
Singapore Mariners' Club, Montreal Link, and Singapore Indian Development Association.
Find the fastest way to Brighton Community Church.
Dayna bought Yakitori for Linette.
Biomedical Grove
Ji Huang Kok Temple, Rochor Kongsi for the Aged, and Jubilee Square.
May Ooi Yu Fen, Grace Young, and Khor Ean Ghee.
I like Samgyeopsal very much.
Auckland Road West, Beng Wan Road, and Kay Siang Road.
TP, WITS, and CDC.
Tell me the price of soto.
Arumugam Vijiaratnam, Lambert, and Ken Lim.
Which bus should I take to Link Hotel?
Constance Sheares, Lee Chin Koon, and Eu Kong.
What is the easiest way to St Francis Road?
Paralee, Shelby, and Kiana.
Chow Sau Hai Roland, Koh Bee Tuan Joyce, and George Dromgold Coleman.
2 1 0 9 2 5 9 8 3 3
I'm a loyal customer of Propass.
Tosca Street, Robinson Point, and Senja.
This shop sells Yakizakana.
Stagmont Ring, Ah Soo Walk, and Soka Association.
prata masala, kuih ubi kayu, and murtabak rusa.
Yip Pin Xiu, Devagi Sanmugam, and Grace Young.
Sengkang East Way, Jalan Baiduri, and Oxford Street.
Benzac Cream is loved by its customers worldwide.
Betsey is dropping me off at Bencoolen Street.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jalan Setia?
How many calories does a serving of frog leg soup have?
Raiden, Girtha, and Stanley.
Colchester Grove, Pelton Link, and Pemimpin Terrace.
5AHX6M
Are there food courts or restaurants near Barbary Walk?
Syafiqah, Kasih, and Bunga.
Ang Chwee Chai, Naomi Tan, and Chan Chee Seng.
Do you know how to cook banana fritters?
Fried Tofu, ice kachang, and Butter Sotong.
Nothing beats having butter naan in the summer.
Cashew Crescent
Please show me the way to Sri Murugan Hill Temple.
46,597
How long will it take to walk to RiverGate?
I would like to have a long stay in Grenada.
DSTA, CNB, and CCK.
Coraima recently opened a new stir fried beef with Ginger Onions Restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to NSRCC Sea Sports Centre.
SAF, MEWR, and IPPT.
Hush Puppies, Cotton on, and Sandisk.
How long will it take to walk to Kum Yan Methodist Church?
Fang Kuo Wei Nicholas, Ang Chwee Chai, and Lim Fei Shen.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Tay Koh Yat, Joseph Elias, and Tee Tua Ba.
chicken briyani dum, Chicken Feet, and talam ubi.
Please tell me how to cook hainanese pork chop.
How about a boat tour in Cameroon?
It's about 16 minutes' walk to Havelock Square.
Rosyth Road, Noordin Lane, and Park 22 Hotel.
Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth, Alan Oei and Ho Yen Wah Jesmine? Are you not familiar with these names?
Margaret Leng Tan, Zhuang Shengtao, and Loh Ah Chee.
Salsa, Alu Matar, and Miso Soup.
Could you tell me the way to Kim Chuan Light Industrial Estate?
Mordechai is dropping me off at Pitt Street.
Hua Guan Crescent
Yao Zi, Teo Soon Chuan, and Saw Swee Hock.
Marang Road, Toh Tuck Walk, and Changi Village Road.
Lamb Vindaloo is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
William Butterworth, Hon Sui Sen, and Tear Ee Soon.
Number Sequence is T3187264S and date of birth is 01 May 1969.
Antacid with Simethicone, Fluimucil Acetylcysteine Granules, and Mecobalamin Vitamin B12 Capsules.
8157 5946
Enjoy your kuih rengas.
4 7 8 5 2 0 7 9 4 1
14 Nov. 1996 08:36:41
Tan Tarn How, Peter Lee, and Vincent Leow.
Chai Yee Wei, Goh Koh Pui, and Josephine Teo.
Which bus should I take to Gallop Road?
La Senza, Bajaj, and Sara Lee.
Arvel loves yang rou tang.
the Rochester, Northshore Drive, and Tew Chew Street.
Huang Shiqi Joan, Zhang Bohe and Adeline Ooi are in the database.
J. Y. Pillay, Maurice Baker, and Ho Poh Fun.
Emilio recently opened a new Makchang Gui Restaurant.
Neila Sathyalingam, Kamsari Salam, and Tan Boo Liat.
John Purvis, James Puthucheary, and Heng Chee How.
Sergio, Teagan, and Attilio.
theBalm, Rockingham, and the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Kew Avenue?
Raita, Kimbap, and Tamago kake gohan.
Chao Yoke San, Jeremiah Choy, and Zainudin Nordin.
Please tell me how to get to Mapletree Anson.
Yahya, Mahsuri, and Haryati.
Number Sequence is S7608253K and date of birth is 13 December 1966.
Find the fastest way to Hillview Drive.
What is Jamaica famous for?
You must try Black Tortoise Cake when you are here.
Atherton, Tao Kae Noi, and Australis.
Gatsby, Chanira, and Housebrand.
deep fried fish, kuih ubi kayu, and mooncake.
Select the fastest way to Cornwall Gardens.
Chicken Tikka, Nanakusa-gayu, and Pretzel.
ITE, OCBC, and ASTAR.
Anuar, Lestari, and Melur.
I want to have a long stay in Bridgetown. Please recommend me some places for accommodation.
We studied about Sarah Winstedt, Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis and Arthur Henderson Young in the class assignment.
Does air zam-zam taste good?
Chen Chong Swee, Seah Liang Seah, and Dan Ying.
Chuan Hoe Avenue, How Sun Road, and Jalan Naga Sari.
Chimichangas, Barfi, and Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze.
Vinoba, Vivekananda, and Suda.
Margaret Chan, Ng Teng Fong, and Joseph Elias.
Vincent Hoisington
Okonomiyaki is very tasty.
Assisi Hospice, Bedok Public Library, and Hebron Bible-Presbyterian Church.
I am particular about my Maili Kofta.
Atin Amat, Lim Biow Chuan, and Benjamin Henry Sheares.
Dong, Baht, and Peso.
I am meeting Rosetta at Tuas Street first.
Dian, Yaakob, and Daniel.
Robert Goh, Tan Lee Leng, and Wong Kwei Cheong.
8,243,230
You must try ice kachang when you are here.
4,098,915
kuih talam, coin prata, and Soya Beancurd.
Seraya Crescent, Mandai Estate, and Alexandra Retail Centre.
How far away is Unity Street from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Ahmad Sonhadji Mohamad, Bilahari Kausikan and Remy Ong!
It's about 32 minutes' walk to the Ritz-Carlton Residences.
Number Sequence is T8305472Z and date of birth is 22 May 1925.
Please look for Declan when you reach Science Centre.
Arta bought century egg for Fronie.
Would you like to visit Budapest with me?
It is faster to take the bus to Jurong East Avenue.
This shop sells claypot crab bee hoon soup.
1 8 4 8 5 9 1 9 0 7
Tan Sin Aun, Khoo Sui Hoe, and andre Filipe Desker.
Chong Pang Neighbourhood Police Post, Singapore Pharmacy Council, and Montreal Link.
Sheng Siong, Popeyes, and Paradise Restaurant.
I would like to have a good view of Male.
Tatianna, Ishmael, and Tiffanie.
What is the easiest way to Angora Close?
Vagisil, Pregain, and Neostrata.
What is the distance to Bukit Merah Lane?
Montfort Secondary School, Netheravon Road, and Visitor Services Centre.
Suda, Dhirubhai, and Kishore.
Emel by Melinda Looi
I am waiting for Lakendra to come back from Cross Street.
Aqil, Ashraff, and Fajar.
Nepal Link, Jalan Kechubong, and Equestrian Walk.
Naan, Papadum, and Lentil Soup.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Genevieve Chua, Lynnette Seah and Wang Sha.
Vivien Goh, S. Rajaratnam, and Joseph Isaac Schooling.
8660 3034
Allyson recently opened a new Prata Bomb Restaurant.
Desmond Choo, R. Ramachandran, and Koh Eng Kian.
Singapore Airlines, Warehouse, and Kappa.
I knew a person who has met both Tung Yue Nang and Loh Wai Kiew.
Jiang Hu, Koh Hong Teng, and Phey Yew Kok.
Hossan Leong, Chng Seok Tin, and Dan Ying.
Kim Keat Christian Church, Windsor Nursing Home, and Hard Rock Hostel Singapore.
Shaikh Ahmad Bin Bakar Bin Abdullah Jabbar, Helen Gilbey, and Lee Hee Seng.
Jalan Toa Payoh, Seraya Avenue, and Chiap Guan Avenue.
How much is Katsudon?
Number Sequence is S2083169B and date of birth is 24 June 1975.
Tell me the price of Butter Prawns.
Physiogel, Abbott, and Obimin.
there is a food court selling Custard Puff behind Izabelle's house.
Wenzel, Francisca, and Bode.
ZGVIW9
Harlyn Road, the Diocese of Singapore, and Concourse Skyline.
ayam buah keluak, plain naan, and asam pedas.
Number Sequence is T8327054W and date of birth is 21 October 2022.
Nothing beats having bistake in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Eber Road?
I am meeting Elta at Jalan Todak first.
How long does it take to get to Maju Drive by taxi?
the day before yesterday
SPC, ROM, and CPF.
Does sam lau hor fun taste good?
Wong Kah Chun, Loh Wai Kiew, and Deborah Ong Hui Min.
tang yuen is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Vientiane.
I can't eat all of this Chorizo.
Where is Biopolis Way?
Kimbap, Okayu, and Mugi Meshi.
306th
Cairnhill Circle, D'almeida Street, and Bedok South.
This is the best sambal that I can find.
What is the distance to Sea Shell Park?
mapo tofu, Soya Milk, and prata masala.
What are the landmarks near Lorong Tukol?
Janadas Devan, Joaquim D'Almeida, and Poh Kay Swee.
Tan Chong Tee, Lancelot Maurice Pennefather, and Raymond Kang.
Lee Yong Kiat, Chew Boon Lay, and Chua Chong Long.
How much is Cheese Naan?
Aaron Maniam, Tan Lian Chye, and Chia Cheong Fook.
Meranti Avenue, Wanderlust Hotel, and Qifa Primary School.
Koh Seng Kiat Terence, M. Karthigesu, and Tan Jiak Kim.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Irau Avenue?
KFW8YD
This is the best Oyster Omelette that I can find.
Ras Malai, Chicken Cutlet, and Breadsticks.
Susanna, Ferne, and Jocelyne.
How far away is Yangzheng Primary School from here?
Please show me the way to Mandarin Oriental.
sam lau hor fun is a must-try.
Victoria Secret, Vita Coco, and Cornell.
Brian Farrell, Wee Toon Boon, and Lee Kin Tat.
How long does it take to get to Sky Vue by taxi?
butter prawn, Crayfish BeeHoon, and nutella tart.
How do I get to Comcentre?
Number Sequence is S0978651Q and date of birth is 24 January 1950.
9324 7129
Please look for Orland when you reach New Life Bible Presbyterian Church.
Oi Lin, Seow Peck Leng, and Dennis Bloodworth.
Shanae loves deep fried ngoh hiang.
Loke Wan Tho, Goh Rui Si theresa, and Punch Coomaraswamy.
I am meeting Claudette at Jalan Mata Ayer first.
What is the cheapest way to Kee Choe Avenue?
Lucy Koh, Ian Woo, and Denise Phua Lay Peng.
What are the landmarks near Alexandra Fire Station?
Nothing beats having Jajangmyeon in the summer.
Show me the way to Huddington Avenue.
How do I get to Napier Road?
It is faster to take the bus to Lorong Sahad.
Can I take the MRT to Pasir Laba Road?
Lee Geck Hoon Ellen, Ng Ser Miang, and Tao Li.
Eleanor Wong, Tan Jiak Kim, and Lee Seng Tee.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Jalan Remaja?
Nova, Watsons, and Yupi.
Benjaman, Shari, and Celine.
Please show me the way to Toh Guan Road.
Punggol Green, Reservoir Link, and Limau Garden.
Can I take the MRT to Ironside Link?
Number Sequence is T9826310T and date of birth is 06 September 2028.
Wilfrid, Encarnacion, and Sharee.
Which Convatec product is the best-selling?
twelve Cupcakes, Mos Burger, and Eye Mo.
35th
Could you tell me the way to Keng Cheow Street?
I am meeting Marcelle at Riverina Walk first.
Select the fastest way to Paya Lebar Methodist Girls' School.
Pretzel, Oyakodon, and Sambar.
Kushiyaki, Jokbal, and Masala Dosa.
there is a food court selling Lime Pickle behind Elige's house.
Ellice Handy, Rosaline Soon, and Tan Choh Tee.
Could you tell me the way to DBS Building?
I trust Pregain.
I would like to visit Jordan.
I am waiting for Wyman to come back from Alexandra Canal Linear Park.
Please look for Cato when you reach Cantonment Complex.
18 Jun. 2026 13:30:19
How many calories does a serving of Burrito have?
How long does it take to get to Yio Chu Kang Road by taxi?
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai, Ong Peng Hock, and Li Lienfung.
bak chang, prata onion, and banana fritters.
Where is Zu-Lin Temple?
Sangobion, Ocuvite, and Vichy.
This is the best Fugu that I can find.
Institute for Infocomm Research, Hwa Chong Boarding School, and Saint Luke's Hospital for the Elderly.
Please tell me how to cook Okonomiyaki.
Bonjela, Sterimar, and Selsun.
kueh salat, sliced fish soup, and Kue Lupis.
Genting Road, Registry of Muslim Marriages, and Lorong Payah.
Shaffiq Selamat, Lui Tuck Yew, and Pan Cheng Lui.
Can I take a bus to Madras Street?
How long will it take to walk to Tamarind Place?
OSAC International College, Jalan Gelam, and Benoi Crescent.
What is the distance to Temasek Club?
Select the fastest way to Chapel of the Holy Spirit.
chendol is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
shredded chicken noodles, Singapore Sling, and murtabak rusa.
This shop sells curry chicken.
Can I take a bus to Radin Mas Primary School?
Fan Yoong Road, Wishart Road, and Sri Senpaga Vinayagar Temple.
Litzy, Myer, and Brendon.
stir fried chicken with Black Pepper, bbq cockle, and sugee cake.
Where can I find the best Chicken Pasta?
What can I use Ego sunsense for?
Kristan, Elizabeth, and Areli.
0 0 8 8 4 9 1 9 7 4
there is a food court selling Fried Oyster behind Denzil's house.
Abdul Kadir Ibrahim, George Oehlers and Leslie Charteris? You are not familiar with these names?
Jalan Kelabu Asap, Bukit Purmei Avenue, and Expo Drive.
East Coast Avenue, Pertapis Children Home, and Jalan Selimang.
Ebony, Yasmeen, and Rudy.
fishball noodle, yang rou tang, and murtabak kambing.
there is a food court selling Oyakodon behind Dink's house.
It's about 21 minutes' walk to Singapore Art Museum.
theo, Latricia, and Rinda.
bak chor mee is very tasty.
Carra, Aldona, and Zula.
Heber bought Chicken Casserole for Brody.
I can't eat all of this kueh ubi kayu.
Peng Yuyun, Thomas Stamford Raffles, and Lin Gao.
Can I take the MRT to Neythai Road?
Do you know how to cook bak chor mee?
Green loves Ratatouille.
Eboni, Christina, and Channing.
How much is mochi Ice Cream?
Imoni, Okinawa Soba, and Takikomi Gohan.
kuih bingka ubi, chicken satay, and prata telur.
Does Tom Yam Goong taste good?
35IELA
G. P. Selvam, S. R. Nathan, and Kang Siong Joo.
the class assignment was to study about Neila Sathyalingam, Chen Shiji and P. Krishnan.
Lloyd Valberg, Liao Yingru, and Yeng Pway Ngon.
Chicken Pasta, Uthapam, and Chigenabe.
Ava Road, Sunrise Terrace, and Bali Lane.
Enjoy your ikan bakar.
Park Road
Teo Chee Hean, Ho Rui An, and Frank Dorrington Ward.
Littleton is dropping me off at Senett Place.
Hotel fort Canning, the Mitraa, and Thomson Lane.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Lee Seng Huat and Alex Ong Boon Hau.
Harper Road, Methodist Church of the Incarnation, and Belvedere Close.
Do you know where is Aquatic Science Research Centre?
Carnation, Hacks, and Kbox.
Kulfi is a must-try.
the previous sunday
Tan Biyun, Wong Lin Ken, and Leon Perera.
Jalan Jelita, Lorong 6 Realty Park, and Queen Astrid Gardens.
Damian, Reta, and Murl.
Where can I find the best bun?
How far away is Kurau Terrace from here?
Choon Guan Street, Orchard Hotel, and Jelebu Road.
the Old Admiralty House, Passion Wave at Marina Bay, and Pathlight School.
A series of biographies about Dhershini Govin Winodan, Shaikh Yahya bin Ahmed Afifi and Surtini Sarwan was recently published.
9407 2652
Zubir Said, Loy Chye Chuan, and Grace Chia.
Ladoo, Pad Thai, and Minestrone.
Bhagat, Mahan, and Pingali.
Show me the way to Millennia Institute.
How many calories does a serving of Harum Manis have?
there are stories about Robet Carr Woods, Senior, Anthony Chen and Chan Chew Koon Michael in the database.
Primary Dispute Resolution Centre, Outram Polyclinic, and Sorby Adams Drive.
Champion Way, Ubi Road, and Hythe Road.
Where is Jalan Pisang?
Maggie Lim, Santha Bhaskar, and Boey Chuan Poh.
8707 1256
tauhu goreng is a must-try.
Number Sequence is S1538962R and date of birth is 08 September 2014.
Spencer Chapman
Lee Kong Chian, James Puthucheary, and Chan Chang How.
Elle, Golden Wheel, and Amore.
Syreeta, Lynwood, and Brennan.
IB, PDL, and CNB.
Nayely bought Dangojiru for Courtland.
Robert Tan, Tony Tan Keng Joo, and Alex Josey.
the people included in the list are Sonny Liew, Benny Se Teo and Cheng Xinru Colin.
DTL, MND, and WITS.
Find the fastest way to First Street.
3121 9269
Zainal Sapari, Louis Chen, and A. Ramli.
67,031
Which bus should I take to West Coast Park?
6472 3396
Kwok Kian Chow, Christopher De Souza, and Foo Chee San.
Tell me the price of Breadsticks.
Lim Sun Gee, Almahdi Al-Haj Ibrahim, and Low Thia Khiang.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Edgware Road?
Show me the way to Sago Street.
Sasha recently opened a new Vermicelli restaurant.
Tempur, Horti, and Eclipse Mints.
It is faster to take the bus to Health Sciences Authority.
Corporation Road, Windsor Park Hill, and Yuan Ming Si Temple.
I like begedil very much.
the library recently did a roadshow on Chua Hak Lien Dave and Yong Mun Chee.
Lim Chin Siong, B. N. Rao, and Zoe Tay.
3893 9938
UOB, CISCO, and NIE.
Kwok Peng Kin Francis, Teresa Hsu, and Melissa Kwee.
You must try Miso Soup when you are here.
JJ, NTUC Unity, and Baggu.
Boribap, Alu Matar, and Wasabi.
Number Sequence is T4658917Y and date of birth is 23 August 1949.
I am particular about my soon kway.
Do you know how to cook Chicken Cutlet?
Nivea, Art Friend, and Colgate.
James Wong, John Crawfurd, and Harichandra.
Chan Chun Sing, Baey Yam Keng, and Low Kway Song.
B16VHI
Goh Soon Tioe, Sim Ann, and Josephine Teo.
How do I get to Lofi Inn at Hamilton?
nasi goreng kampung is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
siew mai is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook milo.
K. F. Seetoh and David Wong has met this person that I know of.
Knight, Farmers Union, and Enfagrow.
MSF, TP, and NAFA.
Idili, Onion Pakora, and Teriyaki.
5 8 3 6 7 6 8 9 7 9
Bukit Tinggi Road, Tua Kong Walk, and North Perimeter Road.
What are the landmarks near Tebing Lane?
Tyriq is dropping me off at Tay Lian Teck Drive.
Yamaha, Post, and Mountain Dew.
Do you know where is Mayflower Terrace?
Roxie, Franklyn, and Les.
Nautica & Sperry Top Sider, Kinder Bueno, and ACEXSPADE.
Scott's, Dentiste, and Cleanz Plus.
Chng Seok Tin, Salleh Japar, and Bani Buang.
Lee Tzu Pheng, Goh Choon Kang, and Koh Hoon Teck.
I can't eat all of this Steamed Grouper.
Kirstie, Patricia, and Arminta.
QB House, Santa Cruz, and Manhattan Fish Market.
Laurence Nunns Guillemard, Liu Peihe, and Justin Lean.
Please look for Nolan when you reach Jalan Bilal.
Please tell me how to get to Sion Christian Church.
Kushiyaki, Butter Chicken, and Takikomi Gohan.
Lima is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
ang Ku Kueh is very tasty.
I am waiting for Madisyn to come back from Sumang Link.
Number Sequence is S0814753V and date of birth is 01 February 1980.
Do you know where is Duxton Plain?
Leo Hee Tong, Constance Singam, and Su Guaning.
Christine loves bak kwa.
I am waiting for Geraldo to come back from Jelebu Road.
Find the fastest way to Specialists Accreditation Board.
Baylee bought Udon for Giovanni.
Poh Ern Shih Temple
Slim Barracks Rise, the Helping Hand, and Old Hill Street Police Station.
Beurel Jean-Marie, Benjamin Frank, and Tung Chye Hong.
I like Unagi very much.
Wayang Satu Flyover, Rochalie Drive, and Pang Sua Pond.
CWO, CPIB, and SDC.
Jehangirr, Tipu, and Sunil.
Tell me the price of kueh kemboja.
Lim Cherng Yih Richard, Yatiman Yusof, and Juliana Yasin.
Which bus should I take to Grace Walk?
Robert Tan, Joseph Elias, and Tan Kian Por.
73,809
air zam-zam, chendol melaka, and talam ubi.
Church Street, Jalan Afifi, and Metta School.
What is the fastest way to Meragi Close?
Kristi, Teela, and Antwan.
Leong Yoon Pin, Lee Man Fong, and Owyang Chi.
1 6 6 7 3 8 7 4 3 4
Berocca is a well-known brand.
Defu Avenue, Orchid Country Club, and Lorong Kilat.
Punggol Promenade, Chang Charn Road, and Marina Coastal Drive.
This shop sells Jokbal.
Methodist Girls' School, Meyer Place, and LTA Academy.
pineapple fried rice, Dark Chocolate Dipped Churro, and liu sha bao.
Tay Chin Joo, Huang Shiqi Joan, and Tay Bak Koi.
Surin Road, Marsiling Rise, and Bowyer Block.
Cleanz Plus aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Liza is dropping me off at York Road.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Singapore Mint Coin Gallery?
How many calories does a serving of kari babi have?
Bella, Lockie, and Mikayla.
Pillai Road, Grand Park Orchard, and Ascott Singapore.
DZ9LXB
Are there food courts or restaurants near Saint andrew's Cathedral?
Guntur, Aqil, and Syarafina.
Simon Chua, Khalil Ibrahim, and Chua Gim Guan Jimmy.
Do you know how to cook peanut butter jelly ice cream?
sambal kangkong, onion thosai, and paru.
Nothing beats having oxtail soup in the summer.
Kent Ridge Road
Please show me the way to Chu Lin Road.
455,078
How long will it take to walk to Jalan Pintau?
What currency does Zimbabwe use?
CC, IMDA, and FTT.
Baylie recently opened a new ya kun kaya toast restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Boon Lay Drive.
SDU, EWL, and SBF.
Ikea, Jacob's, and AIBI.
How long will it take to walk to Changi North Way?
Yong Melvin Yik Chye, Liu Kang, and Ramli Sarip.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Tracey Tan, Aziza Ali, and Wu Peng Seng.
Brian Farrell, Pan Cheng Lui, and Tan Kim Seng.
kuih dadar, gudeg putih, and fried bun.
Please tell me how to cook ginger onions beef.
How about a boat tour in Belize?
It's about 37 minutes' walk to Bukit Panjang Fire Post.
Quemoy Road, Buona Vista Service Centre, and Mimosa View.
Phoon Yew Tien, Oi Lin and Law Shau Ping Peter? Are you not familiar with these names?
Chan Chun Sing, Foo Tui Liew, and Lee Ek Tieng.
Japchae, Chicken Pasta, and Chicken Paprikas.
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Soo Bee?
Classie is dropping me off at Heart of God Church.
Yami Yogurt
Loh Ah Chee, Saravanan Gopinathan, and Lucy Ratnammah Samuel.
Miller Street, Verde Avenue, and Oriole Crescent.
Seafood Linguine is a traditional local cuisine.
Santokh Singh Grewal, Che Dah Mohamed Noor, and Lee Shih Shiong Peter.
Number sequence is T2417653J and date of birth is 21 December 1981.
Glucosamine Sulfate Capsules, Difflam Mouth Gel, and Difflam Raspberry Lozenges.
Enjoy your nasi goreng ayam.
5 4 2 1 9 2 8 8 9 3
02 Oct. 2003 03:50:34
Michael Olcomendy, William Alexander Pickering, and Selena Tan.
Ken Kwek, Wee Kim Wee, and Cleo Thang.
6561 4140
Which bus should I take to Sri Guru Singh Sabha?
SIS, Cafe de Paris, and Bajaj.
Enjoy your Kalguksu.
Singapore Sports School, Kim Chuan Road, and Nan Hua High School.
Georgette Chen, Benny Se Teo and Eu Tong Sen are in the database.
Yeo Hwee Bin, Koh Bee Tuan Joyce, and Kenneth Keng.
Loris recently opened a new ice kacang restaurant.
Goi Seng Hui, Ang Ah Tee, and Yee Jenn Jong.
Gaston Dutronquoy, Teo Ser Luck, and Ridzwan Dzafir.
Elenora, Oley, and Delcie.
Ya Kun, Evian, and Dodo.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Bury Road?
Kushiyaki, Samosa, and Takoyaki.
Mavis Hee, Loh Lik Peng, and Ng Liang Chiang.
Please tell me how to get to St Francis Road.
Hafsa, Delima, and Syah.
Number sequence is S5843906P and date of birth is 20 January 2008.
Find the fastest way to Braddell Heights Fire Post.
Is there a Singapore embassy in Chile?
You must try sambal belacan when you are here.
Housebrand, Perllini&Mel, and Nature's Wonders.
Helen, Mango, and The Face Shop.
sambal kangkong, mochi taiyaki, and roasted chicken noodle.
Marietta, Deshawn, and Lenwood.
Koh Eng Hoon, Ong Keng Yong, and S. S. Sarma.
Select the fastest way to Ubi Link.
Wasabi, Jalebi, and Chaat Papri.
JJC, CITI, and NSL.
Goh Heng Soon Sam
Indah, Fahmi, and Surinam.
What are the best restaurants in Cardiff?
We studied about Harun bin Abdul Ghani, Tan Soo Khoon and Chan Cheng Wah Bernard in the class assignment.
Does mee rebus taste good?
Evelyn Lip, Jita Singh, and Tan Lark Sye.
Nanyang Avenue, Gambir Walk, and Zurmang Kagyud Buddhist Centre.
Vegetable Jalfrezi, Unadon, and Naan.
Saina, Srinivasa, and Dhirubhai.
Where can I find the best lemang?
Lim Peng Siang, Saravanan Gopinathan, and Isaac Henry Burkill.
Tyersall Avenue
Nachos is very tasty.
Ubi Crescent, Imbiah Road, and Grove Drive.
I am particular about my Soba.
Ahmad Mohamed Ibrahim, Koh Eng Hoon, and Tan Boon Teik.
NT Dollars, CAD, and Ringgit.
Oreo, Snickers, and MCM.
I am meeting Alberto at Meridian Junior College first.
Lukman, Zikri, and Zaynab.
Kamsari Salam, Goh Kheng Long, and Huang Shiqi Joan.
597,903
You must try png kueh when you are here.
1,612,820
cuttlefish kang kong, plaster prata, and roasted chicken noodle.
MacTaggart Road, Deyi Secondary School, and Tian Leong Keng Temple.
How far away is Kim Seng Park from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Vivian Balakrishnan, T. Kulasekaram and A. Ramli!
It's about 1 minutes' walk to Hard Rock Hostel Singapore.
Number sequence is S5408926N and date of birth is 13 July 1940.
Please look for Marcela when you reach The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands.
Kris bought Oyakodon for Emmer.
Where can I get cheap food in Manila?
It is faster to take the bus to Woollerton Drive.
This shop sells wonton mee.
6 0 9 4 5 7 5 9 0 8
Chan Soh Ha, Richard Eric Holttum, and Lee Huei Min.
Lutheran Road, Jalan Sukachita, and Sixth Crescent.
Hersheys, Doux, and Krispy Kreme.
I would like to have a good view of No official capital.
Tommy, Cruz, and Edie.
What is the fastest way to Chiap Guan Avenue?
Fibogel, Gingko, and Floxia.
What is the distance to Marina Bay Financial Centre Office Tower?
Harbourfront Passenger Terminal, Interpol Global Complex for Innovation, and Jalan Joran.
Vedre, Atal, and Verghese.
Poh Tiong Kiong Temple
I am waiting for Alysia to come back from Almond Avenue.
Farhanah, Haryati, and Yahaya.
Colchester Grove, Unity Street, and Vanda Road.
Masala Dosa, Fugu, and Sukiyaki.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Seah Peck Seah, Winston Oh and Zainudin Nordin.
Tommy Koh, Cedric Monteiro, and Peter Gilchrist.
9585 9683
Donnie recently opened a new Tacos restaurant.
Warren Fernandez, Yvonne Ng Uhde, and Jose D'Almeida.
TYR, EC House, and Sadia.
I knew a person who has met both Low Siew Nghee and Ted De Ponti.
Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Abdul Samad, and Koh Poh Koon.
Dennis Tan Lip Fong, Balli Kaur Jaswal, and Robert Black.
Singapore Sikh Education Foundation, Chai Chee Avenue, and Villa Francis Home for the Aged.
Lim Chwee Chian, Eng Siak Loy, and Michael Tan Kim Nei.
Lorong Ah Thia, Montreal Drive, and Tribeca by the Waterfront.
How much is Deodeok gui?
Number sequence is S1059423N and date of birth is 28 November 1930.
Tell me the price of kueh pie tee.
Dermale, Avene, and Betadine.
There is a food court selling Spaghetti Bolognese behind Orland's house.
Hezzie, Madden, and Izabelle.
IOM74Y
The Inncrowd, Banyan Fire Station, and Fragrance Hotel.
getuk getuk, chai tow kuay, and dosa.
Number sequence is S9540871M and date of birth is 09 February 2005.
Nothing beats having chilli crab in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Jalan Langgar Bedok?
I am meeting Dedrick at NPCC Camp Resilience first.
How long does it take to get to Espada by taxi?
the following sunday
YJC, SSG, and FAS.
Does claypot crab bee hoon soup taste good?
Yvonne Ng Uhde, Ngiam Tong Dow, and Lee Bee Wah.
lotus leaf duck is well-known in my hometown.
Am I right that Port of Spain is a capital city?
Goh Rui Si Theresa, Glen Goei, and Pang Guek Cheng.
I can't eat all of this Coriander Chutney.
Where is The Line @ Tanjong Rhu?
8068th
The Midtown, Jalan Chempaka Puteh, and Cumming Street.
This is the best kuih kaswi that I can find.
What is the distance to Yumin Primary School?
steamed grouper, tauhu goreng, and laddu.
What are the landmarks near Lentor Way?
Eng Boh Kee, Tan Tarn How, and Lee Yong Kiat.
Peter Gilchrist, Christopher De Souza, and Barry Desker.
Vegetable Jalfrezi is well-known in my hometown.
Chee Kong Tet, Tan Tee Suan, and John Fraser.
How much is kung po chicken?
Lim Peng Siang, Shaffiq Selamat, and Cai Bixia.
Lim Chu Kang Road, Tanah Merah Kechil Road, and Min Chong Comfort Home.
George Collyer, Cheng Xinru Colin, and Thomas Stamford Raffles.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Napier Road?
Parkview Square, Kallang Bahru, and Newton Suites.
This is the best kueh manggis that I can find.
Sukiyaki, Sauerkraut, and Idili.
Linette, Earl, and Latonya.
How far away is Handicap Welfare Association from here?
Please show me the way to Compassvale.
mochi taiyaki is a must-try.
Esso, Mercedes Benz, and Bibik's choice.
Harun bin Abdul Ghani, Wong Heck Sing, and Suppiah Dhanabalan.
How long does it take to get to Turf Ciub Road by taxi?
black chicken herbal soup, rice pin noodles, and kuih talam.
How do I get to Mount Rosie Terrace?
Number sequence is S8730124K and date of birth is 28 January 2016.
9444 3395
Please look for Tarsha when you reach Buangkok East Drive.
M. Balakrishnan, Goh Eng Han, and Sumiko Tan.
Derwin loves duck rice.
6808 8609
Davinder Singh, Chia Shi-Lu, and Lui Pao Chuen.
I am meeting Gaven at Sungei Road first.
What is the fastest way to Jalan Sikudangan?
Seow Peck Leng, Catherine Lim, and Ho Rui An.
What are the landmarks near Sommerville Road?
Nothing beats having Panang Curry in the summer.
Show me the way to Liang Court.
How do I get to Martlesham Road?
It is faster to take the bus to Simei Street 6.
Can I take the MRT to New Bugis Street?
Giam Yean Song Gerald, Woon Wah Siang, and Ang Wei Neng.
Kuo Pao Kun, Neo Chwee Kok, and Atin Amat.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Hyderabad Road?
Lenovo, Vitapet, and L'Oréal.
Kiyoshi, Octavie, and Markell.
Please show me the way to Straits View.
By using names such as Balaji Sadasivan, Tan Biyun and Tanya Chua -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Keng Lee Road, Jalan Pelajau, and Westwood Crescent.
Can I take the MRT to Tuas?
Number sequence is T3295867E and date of birth is 04 March 1932.
Madisyn, Jannette, and Semaj.
KY jelly is on promotion.
Vans, Reebok, and Cheers.
7485th
Could you tell me the way to Eastwood Drive?
I am meeting Clarice at Singapore Accreditation Council first.
Select the fastest way to Jalan Noordin.
02 Oct. 1933 20:35:04
Korokke, Maili Kofta, and Garden Stroganoff.
Beef Galbi, Masoor Dal, and Chimichangas.
Evian
There is a food court selling mushroom tofu behind Kimberli's house.
Ong Peng Hock, Eu Kong, and Godwin Koay.
Could you tell me the way to Tian De Temple?
I trust White soft paraffin.
How long is the flight to Latvia?
I am waiting for Hettie to come back from North Woodlands Link.
Please look for Michaele when you reach Lorong Payah.
12 Oct. 1991 19:17:03
How many calories does a serving of Masoor Dal have?
How long does it take to get to Anchorvale Street by taxi?
Fred de Souza, Lim Biow Chuan, and Ang Wei Neng.
chrysanthemum fried garoupa, coconut kuih, and kueh kacang hijau.
Where is T1 Basement Drive?
Caltrate, Vitahealth, and Betadine.
This is the best Lamb Kebabs that I can find.
Occupational Safety & Health Inspectorate Department, Singapore Institute of Technology, and Jalan Loyang Besar.
Please tell me how to cook Maili Kofta.
Peptamen, Abbott, and KY jelly.
seafood hor fun, shan rui yao cai tang, and aloo gobi.
Ardmore Residence, Bethlehem Bible Presbyterian Church, and Geylang Methodist School.
Rita Zahara, Judith Prakash, and Balli Kaur Jaswal.
Can I take a bus to Christ Methodist Church?
How long will it take to walk to Harrison Road?
Night Safari, Stevens Road, and The Peak.
What is the distance to Lakeside Drive?
Select the fastest way to Punggol Port Road.
lemak cili padi is a traditional local cuisine.
crab bee hoon, telur dadah, and nasi briyani kambing.
This shop sells sayur lodeh.
Can I take a bus to British Council?
Workforce Singapore, Neil Road, and Duchess Walk.
Hassan, Malik, and Fleta.
I like sop kambing very much.
Where can I find the best Fugu?
Dentiste is having a discount.
Dayanara, Kian, and Annie.
1 4 9 7 4 8 0 8 0 9
There is a food court selling Udon behind Alpha's house.
Goi Seng Hui, Henry Tan and Tam Wai Jia? You are not familiar with these names?
Institute of Mental Health, Shuqun Secondary School, and St Michael's Road.
Dryburgh Avenue, Alliance Francaise de Singapour, and Canberra Street.
Azaria, Cierra, and Rodger.
masala thosai, chicken rice, and chicken feet.
There is a food court selling fish ball noodles behind Alvera's house.
It's about 36 minutes' walk to Work Pass Services Centre.
Hal, Lorna, and Colten.
macarons is very tasty.
Angelica, Xavier, and Burr.
Ashlee bought ketupat for Chimere.
I can't eat all of this idly.
Lee Geck Hoon Ellen, Owyang Chi, and Kenneth Keng.
Can I take the MRT to Jalan Sajak?
Do you know how to cook stir fried pork with black pepper?
Hubert loves Gulab Jamun.
How much is herbal chicken feet?
Sushi, Tortillas, and Chana Dal.
ikan bakar, o ku kueh, and sliced fish soup.
Does Oden taste good?
DLP2B5
Kavignareru Amallathasan, Rosemary Tessensohn, and Gaston Dutronquoy.
The class assignment was to study about Runme Shaw, Bernard Harrison and Chew Kheng Chuan.
William Shellabear, Chow Chee Yong, and Grace Young.
Bibimbap, Coriander Chutney, and Salami.
Tiong Bahru Plaza, Tukang Innovation Grove, and Jalan Mata Ayer.
Enjoy your mushroom tofu.
Parakou Building
Kevan is dropping me off at Tembeling Lane.
Surin Avenue, Keppel Viaduct, and Charis Assembly of God Church.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Hsu Tse Kwang and Simon Chua.
Burgundy Rise, Sentosa Gateway, and Jalan Jeruju.
Do you know where is Fort Canning Tunnel?
Ice Mountain, Pringles, and Hei Sushi.
Barfi is a must-try.
midnight tomorrow
Ruben Pang, Khoo Sui Hoe, and Abdul Aleem Siddique.
Woolwich Road, Banda Street, and AWWA Special School.
Alyvia, Zebulon, and Elgin.
Where can I find the best cuttlefish kang kong?
How far away is Holland Grove Lane from here?
Seletar West Farmway, Spa Botanica Singapore, and Grace Lodge.
National University of Singapore High School of Math & Science, Oasia Hotel Singapore, and Carlton Avenue.
A series of biographies about Tan Cheng Bock, May Ooi Yu Fen and Chew Kheng Chuan was recently published.
9812 5412
Saw Ean Ang, Gerard Ee, and Kwek Hian Chuan Henry.
Saag Paneer, Sekihan, and Raita.
I am particular about my putu piring.
Sundaresh, Anand, and Iswaran.
Show me the way to JEM.
How many calories does a serving of chicken gizzard have?
There are stories about Mok Ying Jang, Lee Kip Lin and Omar Ali in the database.
Chu Sheng Temple, Hai Sing Crescent, and Shitoryu Karate Association.
Fidelio Circus, North Woodlands Link, and Pakistan Road.
Where is Barker Road?
Tan Kim Tian, Jacob Ballas, and Jack Lai.
soup kambing is a must-try.
Number sequence is T8436521U and date of birth is 24 September 2009.
MMS, SEAB, and LRT.
Don Don Donki
Devagi Sanmugam, Keith Simmons, and Lina Chiam.
My Choice, Liang Yi, and Lacoste.
Markell, Cristen, and Stefan.
Jimmie, Manervia, and Math.
CPF, GV, and CDC.
Jedediah bought Omurice for Leanne.
Amanda Koe Lee, Zainal Abidin, and David Kwo.
The people included in the list are Oh Chai Hoo, Lee Chin Koon and Lim Cherng Yih Richard.
NLB, MBS, and TP.
Find the fastest way to Telok Blangah.
3393 0615
Mohamed Ismail Hussain, Anthony Miller, and Tan Lee Leng.
3,152,794
Which bus should I take to Tras Street?
6654 2215
Irene Khong, Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth, and Alex Yam Ziming.
Tell me the price of Monsunabe.
Fong Swee Suan, Juthika Ramanathan, and Henry Tan Yoke See.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Lutheran Road?
Show me the way to Telegraph Street.
Carolynn recently opened a new Jajangmyeon restaurant.
K Cuts, Vono, and Shiseido.
It is faster to take the bus to Selarang Ring Road.
Gusti Bed and Breakfast, Dyson Road, and Soon Leng Temple.
I like tapak kuda very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Ong Jin Teong and Suradi Parjo.
Saw Swee Hock, Lim Kim San David, and Sim Ann.
6157 6931
POP, SMC, and DTL.
Lee Hee Seng, Goh Boon Teck, and Rahim Omar.
You must try Beef Galbi when you are here.
Avenue Kids, Skittles, and Simply Toys.
Ootoro Sushi, Shabu-shabu, and Garden Stroganoff.
Number sequence is S5803412K and date of birth is 09 February 1924.
I am particular about my salted egg sotong.
Do you know how to cook Sukiyaki?
Mamy Poko, Bata, and NARS.
Chan Chun Sing, Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani, and Yuen-Peng McNeice.
Ramanand, Dev, and Teesta.
Edwin Koo, Ahmad Daud, and Peter Fu.
Joel Tan, Kwek Leng Beng, and Dollah Kassim.
How do I get to Jalan Redop?
sop kambing is a traditional local cuisine.
herbal soup is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook sweet and sour fish.
Sir Shenton Thomas and Lee Shu Fen has met this person that I know of.
Ted Baker, Lush, and Tai Sun.
IDA, POSB, and LT.
Agedashi dofu, Beef Vindaloo, and Fettuccine Alfredo.
2 4 0 0 6 8 6 9 5 3
Jumbo Jet Drive, West Coast Plaza, and Amber Gardens.
What are the landmarks near GB Building?
Yesenia is dropping me off at Delhi Road.
Beautymaker, Vitasoy, and Jimmy Choo.
Do you know where is Hong Kah South Neighbourhood Police Post?
Judy, Jossie, and Lesa.
Unilever
Mackays, Swarovski, and Chaps.
Nepro, Vitahealth, and Vichy.
Leslie Kee, Wan Soon Bee, and Peter Ong Boon Kwee.
Yo Po Tee, Yeo Siak Goon, and Koh Bee Tuan Joyce.
I can't eat all of this ngoh hiang.
at midnight tomorrow
Ericka, Authur, and Davina.
Sadia, Volkswagen, and Europace.
Please look for Angela when you reach Roseburn Avenue.
Please tell me how to get to Golden Rise.
Gyoza, Coriander Chutney, and Saag Paneer.
Santiago is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
putu piring is very tasty.
I am waiting for Zola to come back from SCAL Dormitory.
Number sequence is S2903468G and date of birth is 26 October 1950.
Do you know where is Dakota Close?
Russel Wong, Foo Tui Liew, and Hua Chai Yong.
Kasey loves soon kway.
I am waiting for Rodrigo to come back from Hong San See Temple.
Tai Seng Drive, Montfort Secondary School, and Jalan Girang.
Find the fastest way to Jelapang Road.
Dayna bought Pizza for Washington.
Golden Mile Tower
Sakya Muni Buddha Gaya Temple, Kim Chuan Avenue, and Casuarina Road.
Jay Lim, Annabel Pennefather, and Margaret Chan.
I like Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara very much.
Eastwood Terrace, Keppel Road, and Family and Juvenile Court.
YJC, VS, and CID.
Medha, Raman, and Amit.
Chan Heng Chee, Paul Tan Kim Liang, and Aaron Lee.
Which bus should I take to Mcnally Street?
Lim Suchen Christine, Catherine Lim, and Mohammad Arif Suhaimi.
7,065
goreng pisang, braised duck noodle, and nasi goreng.
Social Development Network, Whampoa, and Red Cross Campsite.
What is the fastest way to Selarang Road?
Journey, Alexandria, and Elden.
Lim Sun Gee, Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth, and Hossan Leong.
0 9 2 7 6 0 6 7 3 5
I'm a loyal customer of Dentiste.
Mountbatten Road, Upper Serangoon Shopping Centre, and Malta Crescent.
Nan Hai Temple, Kupang, and Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences.
This shop sells Samgyeopsal.
Tan Quee Lan Street, Tanjong Katong, and Dobbie Rise.
fishball noodle soup, salted egg yolk calamari, and teh tarik.
Howe Yoon Chong, Andrew Chew, and Angelo Sanelli.
One Raffles Quay North Tower, The Seletar Mall, and St Patrick's Road.
Molnylcke health care is loved by its customers worldwide.
Kelsie is dropping me off at Durham Road.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Bukit Pasoh Road?
How many calories does a serving of keropok have?
Amiyah, Jamari, and Marina.
Kiew Sian King Temple, Dhoby Ghaut Green, and Laguna National.
5ZCXW9
Are there food courts or restaurants near Public Relations Academy?
Ryan, Hafsa, and Batrisya.
Ng Yak Whee, Khoo Seow Hwa, and Fong Chong Pik.
Do you know how to cook shan rui yao cai tang?
kuih manggis, ginger onions pork, and mutton satay.
Nothing beats having sweet and sour fish in the summer.
King's Drive
Please show me the way to Tuas West Drive.
2,261
How long will it take to walk to Fiji Road?
I am thinking of visiting Eritrea. Can you go with me?
DSTA, MOM, and NLB.
Loula recently opened a new tumpeng restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Handy Road.
PUB, URA, and MCYS.
Chic-A-Boo, Muji, and J.co.
How long will it take to walk to Queenstown MRT Station?
Chua Phung Kim, Fong Sip Chee, and Au Yue Pak.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Ee Peng Liang, Ong Kim Seng, and G. P. Selvam.
Low Kim Pong, Lee Peh Gee, and Ken Lim.
nasi pattaya, kari lemak ayam, and chicken briyani dum.
I would like to travel to Indonesia. What is the fastest way there?
It's about 31 minutes' walk to Jalan Srantan.
Nanyang Avenue, Leicester Road, and Lorong Tukang Tiga.
Chan Chin Bock, Jose D'Almeida and Irene Ng Phek Hoong? Are you not familiar with these names?
Ling Cher Eng, Sam Leong, and Tan Cheng Lock.
Chana Masala, Kushikatsu, and Beef Vindaloo.
Could you tell me the way to Sree Veeramuthu Muneeswaran Temple?
Estela is dropping me off at Telok Kurau.
Jurong Lake Link
Goh Boon Teck, Tan Paey Fern, and Saiedah Said.
Ascott Singapore, Francis Thomas Drive, and Dunkirk Avenue.
Neo Anngee, Kanwaljit Soin, and Joshua Ip.
Number sequence is S6470391Z and date of birth is 26 July 2006.
Dhamotil Diphenoxylate Tablets, Novomin Dimenhydrinate Tablets, and Xenical Orlistat Capsules.
8128 0406
Enjoy your daal.
2 3 9 6 3 4 7 1 4 0
17 Jan. 1946 16:01:40
Billy Koh, Ang Teck Bee, and James Richardson Logan.
Evelyn Goh, Alex Ong Boon Hau, and Winston Choos.
3211 0641
Which bus should I take to Begonia Terrace?
Estee Lauder, Cotton On, and Kara.
Enjoy your Okinawa soba.
Graydon loves sweet and sour pork.
Jalan Chempaka Kuning, Pasir Ris Central Post Office, and Viking Road.
Aaron Maniam, Goh Choon Kang and Richard James Wilkinson are in the database.
Jacob Ballas, Omar Ali, and Loh Lik Peng.
Izola recently opened a new kuih manggis restaurant.
Lim Sun Gee, Loh Choo Kiat Robert, and Robin Tessensohn.
Ernest P. Shanks, Ho Sou Ping, and Li Rulin.
Elvie, Racquel, and Roy.
Copper Ridge, Drypers, and Ben & Jerry's.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Jambol Walk?
Fugu, Quesadillas, and Teriyaki.
T. S. Sinnathuray, Chuang Hui Tsuan, and Lim Kay Tong.
Please tell me how to get to Institute of Mental Health.
Putera, Munah, and Hilmi.
Number sequence is T8921065Y and date of birth is 24 January 2009.
Find the fastest way to The Pod.
Is Thailand on the same latitude as Grenada?
You must try kai lan seafood when you are here.
Pedal Works, Food Republic, and Acer.
Bia, Balina, and Bibik's choice.
Trevin, Dedrick, and Colie.
Paulin Tay Straughan, Yeo Hwee Bin, and Tan See Boo.
Select the fastest way to Baghdad Street.
Okonomiyaki, Gulab Jamun, and Maili Kofta.
HDB, PAP, and SCORE.
Vivien Quahe-Seah Mei Lin
Haziq, Bunga, and Said.
What are the best restaurants in Brasilia?
We studied about Lee Hsien Loong, Chu Chee Seng and Haji Namazie, Mohd Javad in the class assignment.
Does wonton mee taste good?
Ong Pang Boon, Run Run Shaw, and Cedric Monteiro.
Lentor Crescent, Marsiling Rise, and Thanggam.
Onion Pakora, Pad Thai, and Tom Kha Gai.
Raghuram, Fali, and Ramanand.
Where can I find the best lemak cili padi?
Syed Alsagoff, Hamid Supaat, and Yvonne Ng Uhde.
Wong Yoon Wah
Chimichangas is very tasty.
Kwan Siang Tng Temple, Fort Canning Link, and AWWA Special School.
I am particular about my Samgeyopsal.
Willin Low, Ruben Pang, and Evon Kow.
BND, Won, and CAD.
I-Max, Marmite, and Triumph.
I am meeting Jordin at Canada Road first.
Fajar, Melati, and Arissa.
Ken Lim, Thomas Braddell, and Bernard Tan.
75,458
You must try kuih kodok when you are here.
65,764
chendol melaka, cheese naan, and kaya toast.
Terrasse Lane, Singapore Mint Coin Gallery, and Braddell Hill.
How far away is Hoot Kiam Road from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Yip Pin Xiu, Alec Kuok and Andrew Lee!
It's about 53 minutes' walk to Carmichael Road.
Number sequence is S0865791D and date of birth is 03 December 1924.
Please look for Kori when you reach Bukit Batok Central.
Clayton bought Barfi for Nicolle.
How long is the flight to Podgorica?
It is faster to take the bus to Tai Hwan Walk.
This shop sells belacan.
6 3 9 4 4 9 3 0 1 7
S. Iswaran, Phan Ming Yen, and John Thomson.
Church of the Risen Christ, Commonwealth Avenue West, and Mcnally Street.
I want to go shopping in Warsaw
Shelton, Theodocia, and Aylin.
What is the fastest way to Harbourfront Passenger Terminal?
What is the distance to Ironside Link?
78 Shenton Way, Toa Payoh Industrial Park, and Sunbird Avenue.
Mankombu, Mahan, and Aurangzeb.
Keppel Distripark
I am waiting for Freeman to come back from Sian Teck Tng Temple.
Ashraf, Yasmin, and Dayana.
Office of the Public Guardian, Gracehaven, the Salvation Army, and NSRCC Kranji Sanctuary Golf Club.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Huang Wenhong, Umar Abdullah Al-Khatib and Julia Tan.
Low Yen Ling, Lim Denan Denon, and Dorothy Krishnan.
8463 2371
Tracy recently opened a new Pretzel restaurant.
Adrin Loi, Lim Seok Hui, and Evon Kow.
ecoBrown's, Paul Smith, and Calacara.
I knew a person who has met both Taufik Batisah and Arthur Yap.
Liu Thai Ker, Kumar, and Owyang Chi.
Chua Phung Kim, Billy Koh, and Hon Sui Sen.
Genting Road, Equestrian Walk, and My Saviour's Church.
Harry Elias, Tan Tarn How, and Chuan Keng Boon.
Neram Crescent, Karikal Lane, and Singapore Land Authority.
How much is Jingisukan?
Number sequence is T5103794F and date of birth is 14 January 2023.
Tell me the price of bbq chicken wings.
Avene, Emulsying ointment, and Atopiclair.
There is a food court selling seafood congee behind Rheta's house.
Shemar, Dulce, and Vilma.
PU2CLV
Harding Road, Marine Crescent, and Alexandra Road.
chai tow kuay, kari kepala ikan, and red tortoise steamed cake.
Number sequence is S8517326Y and date of birth is 22 September 2014.
Nothing beats having tang yuen with peanut soup in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Lim Chu Kang Track 11?
I am meeting Patricia at Dock Road South first.
How long does it take to get to Upper Serangoon View by taxi?
about a quarter to six tonight
NTU, IRAS, and AWARE.
Does tahu goreng taste good?
Ee Boon Kong Henry, Yong Nyuk Lin, and Du Nanfa.
nasi goreng kerang is well-known in my hometown.
I want to have a look around Minsk. Please guide me.
Yeo Shih Yun, Muhamad Faisal bin Abdul Manap, and Christopher De Souza.
I can't eat all of this Kheema.
Where is Elections Department?
Garden Stroganoff, Yaki udon, and Sambar.
Jamaica Road, Giok Hong Tian Temple, and Sommerville Road.
This is the best crispy roasted chicken with prawn crackers that I can find.
What is the distance to Brighton Community Church?
sireh, mutton stew, and nasi goreng ayam.
What are the landmarks near Thuja Home @ Pelangi Village?
John Fearns Nicoll, Jennifer Yeo, and Choo Seng Quee.
Lu Ming-Teh Earl, Lee Kuan Yew, and Michael Chiang.
Shabu-shabu is well-known in my hometown.
B. N. Rao, Theresa Noronha, and Eric Neo.
How much is clay pot mee?
George Edwin Bogaars, Khoo Cheng Tiong, and Tony Khoo.
Pasir Panjang Drive 1, Biggin Hill Road, and Hai Inn Temple.
Liao Yingru, Tan Swie Hian, and Charles Gamba.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Connaught Drive?
Sky Vue, Manjusri Secondary School, and Terrasse Lane.
NMTE31
This is the best fishball noodle soup that I can find.
Unagi, Lamb Vindaloo, and Banh Mi.
Thekla, Misti, and Laila.
How far away is Lorong Liput from here?
Please show me the way to Bukit Panjang Gospel Chapel.
sweet and sour sotong is a must-try.
Halls, Breathe Right, and Evian.
Aaron Lee, Finlayson, and Lee Ti-Seng Desmond.
How long does it take to get to Intellectual Property Office of Singapore by taxi?
keropok, herbal bak ku teh, and tempoyak.
How do I get to Meridian Secondary School?
Number sequence is S1752439U and date of birth is 21 April 1970.
8177 4379
Please look for Jonell when you reach The Seacare Hotel.
Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Brigadier Ivan Simson, and Yeo Chee Kiong.
Buster loves Ramyeon.
6671 5548
Su Guaning, Lambert, and Yeo Kian Chai.
I am meeting Alanzo at Kreta Ayer Road first.
What is the cheapest way to Kwong Min Road?
Seow Poh Leng, Sam Tan Chin Siong, and Ang Yau Choon.
What are the landmarks near The Ritz-Carlton Residences?
Nothing beats having Lasagne in the summer.
Show me the way to Fiji Road.
How do I get to Jalan Antoi?
It is faster to take the bus to Katong.
Tan Howe Liang, Chen Chong Swee, and Kanwaljit Soin.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Snow City?
MeadowLea, Koka, and Maybelline.
Delmar, Ellamae, and Raleigh.
Please show me the way to Neighbourhood Christian Church.
By using names such as Hong Sek Chern, Jennifer Tham and Tony Tan Keng Yam -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Church of the Resurrected Living Christ, Sri Krishnan Temple, and Yishun Green Link.
Can I take the MRT to Jalan Pari Dedap?
Number sequence is S2385904J and date of birth is 05 April 2015.
Nikolai, Celestia, and Amani.
Hospicare is on promotion.
Bake King, Hacks, and Clorox.
81st
Could you tell me the way to Tudor Close?
I am meeting Derl at Tan Quee Lan Street first.
Select the fastest way to Greenwood Walk.
29 Sep. 2022 14:46:18
Nikujaga, Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze, and Ratatouille.
Shabu-shabu, Fish and Chips, and Yaki soba.
Olympus
There is a food court selling stir fried pork with ginger onions behind Debbra's house.
Tan Siak Kew, Zainal Abidin Ahmad, and Agnes Joaquim.
Could you tell me the way to Clacton Road?
What is the latest Ridwind product?
How long is the flight to United Arab Emirates?
I am waiting for Jerimiah to come back from InterContinental Robertson Quay.
Please look for Paralee when you reach Nicoll Highway.
10 May 1947 05:14:18
How many calories does a serving of Falafel have?
How long does it take to get to Create Way by taxi?
Lim Nang Seng, Tom Phillips, and Tan Gek Suan.
fish head bee hoon, tau huay, and black pepper chicken.
Where is Oasia Hotel Downtown?
This is the best Dak Galbi that I can find.
Wisma Atria, Kandis Lane, and Ava Road.
Please tell me how to cook Medu Vada.
Benzac cream, Hospicare, and Eucerin.
liu sha bao, dosa, and ginger onions beef.
Mountbatten Vocational School, Clementi Central Post Office, and Sunset Vale.
Can I take a bus to Abundant Grace Presbyterian Church?
How long will it take to walk to Sunset Avenue?
Seletar Airport, Essex Road, and Tudor Close.
What is the distance to Siglap?
Select the fastest way to Portchester Avenue.
gado-gado is a traditional local cuisine.
yi bua, rempeyek, and satay bee hoon.
This shop sells teh susu.
Can I take a bus to Singapore Civil Defence Force?
Peakville Terrace, Yangtze Building, and West Coast Highway.
xiao long bao, fishball noodle soup, and fried scallop.
I like prawn paste chicken very much.
Where can I find the best Gyros?
Is Sigvaris popular in Singapore?
Leonie, Isadore, and Tamika.
6 3 6 4 5 7 0 5 1 2
There is a food court selling roasted crispy spring chicken behind Besse's house.
Zeng Shouyin, Lim Tik En David and Morgan Chua? You are not familiar with these names?
Upper Paya Lebar Road, Jalan Chorak, and The Legends.
Fairfield Methodist School, Soo Chow Drive, and SIM University.
Shakira, Marianne, and Deana.
aloo gobi, lobster porridge, and ku chai kueh.
There is a food court selling Chicken Cutlet behind Vollie's house.
It's about 41 minutes' walk to Bunc Hostel.
Eduardo, Randell, and Hollie.
pecel lele is very tasty.
Lugenia, Ezell, and Dezzie.
Kole bought Uthapam for Leisa.
I can't eat all of this llao llao sanum.
Phey Yew Kok, Foo Tui Liew, and T. S. Sinnathuray.
Can I take the MRT to Mayflower Crescent?
Do you know how to cook kari debal?
How much is prata cheese?
ayam panggang, shark's fin soup, and glutinous rice cake.
Does Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze taste good?
P0RUFK
The class assignment was to study about Sandrasegaran Sidney Woodhull, Edmund Wee and Lim Chee Onn.
Chew Swee Kee, Anita Sarawak, and Lucien Wang.
Rajma, Coriander Chutney, and Tenmusu.
Second Hospital Avenue, River Valley, and Sungei Kadut International Furniture Park.
Enjoy your popiah.
Hillview Avenue
Juthika Ramanathan, Koh Buck Song, and Anthony Miller.
Bailey is dropping me off at Singapore Coins and Notes Museum.
Summer Place, Sea Town Lane, and Causeway Point.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Arumugam Ponnu Rajah and Walter Woon.
NSRCC Sea Sports Centre, Grove Crescent, and Homestay Residences.
Do you know where is Former Keng Teck Whay?
Audi, Eu Yan Sang, and TigerAir.
Spaghetti Bolognese is a must-try.
approximately a quarter to twelve tonight
Lim Cherng Yih Richard, J. Y. Pillay, and Franklin Charles Gimson.
Marine Environment and Safety Department, Integrated Depot, and Jalan Hock Chye.
Kurt, Beula, and Roland.
Where can I find the best telur dadah?
How far away is Burghley Drive from here?
Ah Hood Road, Villa Francis Home for the Aged, and Dublin Road.
Kerong Walk, Lorong Telok, and Mayflower Place.
A series of biographies about William Butterworth, Khoo Sui Hoe and See Tiong Wah was recently published.
9752 6557
Peh Chin Hua, Nicholas Ee, and Ahmad Daud.
Gyudon, Lamb Kebabs, and Yakitori.
I am particular about my salted egg prawns.
Raj, Ramanand, and Indranee.
Show me the way to Riverside.
How many calories does a serving of kai lan seafood have?
There are stories about Daren Shiau, Tan Keong Choon and Stella Kon in the database.
Suffolk Walk, Siglap Road, and Gymkhana Avenue.
Is Vietnam a great place to spend the summer holiday?
Fuji Xerox Tower, Jalan Sindor, and The Singapore Flyer.
Where is Furama Riverfront?
Mohamed Rozani Maarof, Haji Namazie, Mohd Javad, and Han Lao Da.
9811 9803
chinese spinach with assorted eggs is a must-try.
Number sequence is T4816395D and date of birth is 14 October 2023.
MOT, SAJC, and FMSP.
Lorong Temechut
Shaikh Ahmad bin Bakar Bin Abdullah Jabbar, Ng Liang Chiang, and Raymond Kang.
Guess, Ezbuy, and Poulet.
Albin, Elvina, and Afton.
NETS, SIM, and JP.
Jamari bought salted egg sotong for Annalise.
Wee Cho Yaw, Lim Kim San, and Yeo Kian Chai.
The people included in the list are Herbert Eleuterio, Margaret Chan and William H. Read.
SAFTI, ICA, and IPPT.
Find the fastest way to Paya Lebar Road.
3265 4322
Wee Shoo Leong, See Chak Mun, and Yap Boon Chuan.
4,361
Which bus should I take to Empress Place Building?
6882 5770
Goh Lay Kuan, Suradi Parjo, and Milenko Prvacki.
Tell me the price of Yakitori.
Yusof Ishak, Sam Leong, and Sidek bin Saniff.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Yunnan Drive?
Show me the way to Ministry of Communications and Information.
Gil recently opened a new sam lau restaurant.
La Senza, Chipster, and Powerpac.
It is faster to take the bus to Kuan Im Tng Temple.
The Claremont Hotel, Maritime Square, and New Market Road.
I like durian pengat very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Mylene Ong and Chan Chin Bock.
Abdul Kadir Ibrahim, Lee Wei Song Paul, and Benedict Tan.
6897 1283
PAP, AGC, and SAC.
Spencer Chapman, Soon Ai Ling, and Chee Swee Lee.
You must try Kamameshi when you are here.
A&W, Sakae Sushi, and Coach.
Seafood Paella, Dak Galbi, and Unadon.
Number sequence is T0618325Y and date of birth is 01 October 2005.
I am particular about my pineapple tart.
Do you know how to cook Taco Salad?
Oxyplus, Monopoly, and Sofy.
Vincent Leow, Rita Chao, and Vivien Quahe-Seah Mei Lin.
Gurmeet, Gauri, and Sundar.
Lim Loh Huat, Kamsari Salam, and Lim Fei Shen.
75OWLM
Lim Nee Soon, Joaquim D'Almeida, and Kang Siong Joo.
How do I get to Lower Delta Road?
pork rib soup is a traditional local cuisine.
herbal bak ku teh is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook egg tart.
Tan Tock Seng and Chu Chee Seng has met this person that I know of.
Louis Vuitton, Liang Yi, and Skin Inc.
NUS, OCS, and SIM.
Date Tamarind Chutney, Soba, and Spaghetti Bolognese.
3 7 8 3 7 1 9 4 9 5
Outpost Hotel Sentosa, Jalan Kuak, and Peninsula Excelsior Hotel.
What are the landmarks near Talma Road?
Luvenia is dropping me off at Pasir Ris Crest.
OPI, Fossil, and Build A Bear.
Do you know where is Causeway?
Shavon, Sondra, and Martez.
Pringles, Biore, and Hyundai.
Urea cream, Hospicare, and Benzac cream.
Peh Chin Hua, Lim Sun Gee, and Naraina Pillai.
I can't eat all of this dum briyani.
quarter past seven PM
Torrence, Alana, and Agustus.
Spectacle Hut, Fresh & White, and New & Trendy.
Lavender Chang, Ravinder Singh, and Syed Abdulrahman Taha.
Please look for Gil when you reach Beatty Secondary School.
Please tell me how to get to Outward Bound Ubin Camp 1 Jetty.
Tenmusu, Soba, and Motoyaki.
I would like to have a look around Saint John's.
oxtail soup is very tasty.
I am waiting for Omer to come back from Living Sanctuary Brethren Church.
Number sequence is T2310498Z and date of birth is 25 October 1990.
Do you know where is Lorong Ong Lye?
Tan Hwee Hock, Arthur Yap, and Lim Hng Kiang.
Karlene loves Boribap.
I am waiting for Theda to come back from Gan Eng Seng School.
Merryn Road, Jalan Grisek, and Tampines North.
Find the fastest way to Jalan Kelulut.
Micah bought chinese spinach with assorted eggs for Karin.
Library at Orchard
Garden Avenue, Elias Park Avenue, and Scotts Square.
Gan Kim Yong, Chen Chong Swee, and Tan Yee Hong.
I like Seafood Paella very much.
Public Service Commission, Pasir Ris Elias Community Club, and Sports Drive 2.
NAFA, FTT, and TKGS.
Baba, Dilip, and Gopinath.
Chua Hak Lien Dave, Yo Po Tee, and Austen Ong.
Which bus should I take to The Turning Point?
Richard Olaf Winstedt, Ang Chwee Chai, and R. A. Hamid.
206,448
dum briyani, char kway teow, and pumpkin sauce prawns.
Poole Road, SJI Preparatory School, and Lorong 104 Changi.
What is the cheapest way to Pioneer Turn?
Adrienne, Jairo, and Loren.
Sim Kee Boon, Neila Sathyalingam, and Syed Alsagoff.
7 6 8 7 9 6 0 4 1 8
Redoxon is one of the leading brands.
Senja Road, Dhoby Ghaut, and Cypress Avenue.
Jalan Sultan, Student Health Centre, and Jalan Soo Bee.
This shop sells Kulfi.
Wilmonar Avenue, Upper Pickering Street, and Marsiling Rise.
black pepper chicken, chrysanthemum fried garoupa, and murtabak kambing.
Koeh Sia Yong, Teo Eng Seng, and Tan Hwee Hock.
Le Hotel, Fa Hua Monastery, and Countryside Walk.
What products does BD have?
Cephus is dropping me off at Balam Road.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Smart Road?
How many calories does a serving of fried mee sua have?
Javonte, Gerhardt, and Sheldon.
Masjid Abdul Aleem Siddique, Jalan Riang, and Oasia Hotel Singapore.
T72WM4
Are there food courts or restaurants near Bowyer Block?
Murni, Arissa, and Safiya.
Lim Chor Pee, Elim Chew, and Jean Tay.
Do you know how to cook spinach with triple egg?
ghee thosai, sliced fish bee hoon soup, and sliced fish bee hoon soup.
Nothing beats having chee cheong fun in the summer.
Croucher Road
Please show me the way to Assembly of Christians of Singapore.
685
How long will it take to walk to Kebun Baru Neighbourhood Police Post?
What currency does Iran use?
URA, BKE, and KPE.
Clifton recently opened a new Falafel restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Tai Pei Old People's Home.
LKY, NP, and BTT.
The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Prada, and Lucky Bin Bin.
How long will it take to walk to Leong Hwa Chan Si Temple?
Noor S. I., Syed Sheikh Syed Ahmad Al-Hadi, and Ho Yen Wah Jesmine.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Seah Kian Peng, Muhamad Faisal bin Abdul Manap, and Seow Peck Leng.
Peter Ong Boon Kwee, Peter Ong Boon Kwee, and Lau Chiap Khai.
stir fried mee tai mak, roasted crispy spring chicken, and kway teow goreng.
Please tell me how to cook yao cai ji tang.
Is Sri Lanka a nice place?
It's about 29 minutes' walk to Nanyang Technological University Alumni Club.
Ang Mo Kio Fire Station, Telok Ayer Market, and Faith Methodist Church Faith Sanctuary.
Chow Sau Hai Roland, Ngiam Tong Dow and Wong Kan Seng? Are you not familiar with these names?
Sam Tan Chin Siong, Sam Tan Chin Siong, and Wee Beng Chong.
Mediterranean Penne, Caramelized Maui Onion Dip, and Chana Dal.
Could you tell me the way to North East Community Development Council?
Marely is dropping me off at Gogreen Segway @ Eco Adventure.
Newton Cirus
Sakura Teng Ying Hua, Eu Yee Ming Richard, and Cheong Soo Pieng.
South Beach South Tower, Pasir Ris Central Street 3, and Lorong 6 Realty Park.
Hiyashi chuka is a traditional local cuisine.
Robet Carr Woods, Senior, Chay Jung Jun Mark, and Lee Chiaw Meng.
Number sequence is T0483179A and date of birth is 10 March 1949.
Robitussin DM Dextromethorphan Syrup, Rosiden Piroxicam Gel, and Avamys Fluticasone Furoate Intranasal Spray.
8633 8631
Enjoy your strawberry tofu cheesecake.
0 0 5 5 4 8 4 9 8 9
17 May 1994 02:23:11
Jasmine Ser Xiang Wei, Yan Hui Chang, and Yvonne Ng Uhde.
Sitoh Yih Pin, Chia Kiah Hong Steve, and Loke Wan Tho.
6414 7599
Which bus should I take to Outward Bound School Camp 2?
A for Arcade, Khong Guan, and Premier Dead Sea.
Enjoy your Chicken Casserole.
Clotilde loves herbal bak ku teh.
West Coast Recreation Centre, West Coast Grove, and West Coast Recreation Centre.
Thomas Stamford Raffles, Cham Tao Soon and Yeo Siak Goon are in the database.
Koh Poh Koon, M. P. H. Rubin, and Gwee Li Sui.
Lovina recently opened a new kueh talam tepong pandan restaurant.
Denis Santry, Mohamed Taha Haji Jamil, and Colin Qi Zhe Quan.
Choo Keng Kwang, Foo Chee Keng Cedric, and Low Kim Pong.
Ronny, Clarisa, and Franklin.
Long John Silver, Casio, and Wanderlust + Co.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Tanah Merah Kechil Avenue?
Goh Tshin En Sylvia, Edmund William Barker, and Nicolette Teo Wei-min.
Please tell me how to get to Bukit Panjang Gospel Chapel.
Sharifah, Shoaib, and Zakaria.
Number sequence is T0986352K and date of birth is 15 January 2024.
Find the fastest way to Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital.
Is El Salvador on the same latitude as Italy?
You must try sago gula melaka when you are here.
SVR, Winter Time, and Yun Nam Hair Care.
Simply Toys, Maybelline, and Kate Spade New York.
garlic chives steamed rice cake, kuih suji, and white sugar sponge cake.
Brooklyn, Gearld, and Phebe.
Yong Melvin Yik Chye, Choor Singh Sidhu, and Moulavi Babu Sahib.
Select the fastest way to Catholic Junior College Hostel.
Date Tamarind Chutney, Date Tamarind Chutney, and Gyoza.
CPF, GV, and CGH.
Jalan Lam Huat
Mas, Iman, and Taufik.
I would like to visit San Jose.
We studied about Pauline Dawn Loh, Deirdre Moss and Ling Cher Eng in the class assignment.
Does pulut tatal taste good?
Lai Kew Chai, Edwy Lyonet Talma, and Song Hoot Kiam.
Yio Chu Kang Drive, Kwan-In Welfare Free Clinic, and Senja Link.
Makchang gui, Panang Curry, and Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara.
Raj, Ravi Shankar, and Homi.
Where can I find the best peanut butter jelly ice cream?
Lin Hsin Hsin, Se Ve Shanmugam, and Kuo Pao Kun.
Skittles
Dak Galbi is very tasty.
Teck Whye Walk, Robert V Chandran Way, and SAFRA Tampines.
I am particular about my Vegetable Jalfrezi.
Aziza Ali, Dhershini Govin Winodan, and Chua Hak Lien Dave.
NT Dollars, NZD, and BND.
Mamy Poko, Neo Garden Catering, and Perfect Italiano.
I am meeting Keira at Kampong Ubi Industrial Estate first.
Yap Ee Chian, Subhas Chandra Bose, and Siew Shaw Her.
734,068
You must try stir fry pork with ginger onions when you are here.
nasi briyani ayam, nasi briyani ayam, and nasi briyani ayam.
Capri by Fraser Changi City, Segar Close, and MacRitchie Viaduct.
How far away is Yes Chinatown Point Hotel from here?
I know people who have the exact name as D. N. Pritt, Ted De Ponti and Chao Tzee Cheng!
It's about 49 minutes' walk to Marina Bay Golf Course.
Number sequence is S7428536N and date of birth is 01 July 1984.
Please look for Hilma when you reach Marine And Port Authority.
Jolette bought tau kwa pau for Almedia.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Phnom Penh.
This shop sells air karthira.
7 5 1 7 4 4 8 8 5 0
Ooi Kok Chuen, Lui Tuck Yew, and Xu Yuan Zhen.
Public Service Commission, Chuan Lane, and Beauty World Plaza.
Yoguru, Gold Roast, and Standard Chartered Bank.
I want to go shopping in Saint John's
Olivine, Billie, and Lindsay.
What is the easiest way to Kent Ridge Crescent?
Esteem stoma, Sitz bath, and White soft paraffin.
What is the distance to Shitoryu Karate Association?
National Library Institute, Faber Green, and Orchard Turn.
Pet Safari
I am waiting for Katharyn to come back from Civil Defence Heritage Gallery.
Damia, Deris, and Yunos.
Seletar Lodge One, Media Circle, and Sunrise Terrace.
Tamago kake gohan, Udon, and Yaki udon.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Fong Swee Suan, Isaac Henry Burkill and Chen Su Lan.
Oon Jin Gee, Sultan Abu Bakar, and Phua Kin Siang.
8152 0639
Wallace recently opened a new Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze restaurant.
Hoo Ah Kay, Ian Loy, and Prabhakara Jimmy Quek.
Halal Foods International, Rimmel London, and Tempur.
I knew a person who has met both Liu Thai Ker and Kee Bee Khim.
Anastasia Tjendri-Liew, George Edwin Bogaars, and Fred de Souza.
Tanjong Rhu, Carcasa Convent, and Canberra View.
Ovidia Yu, Tang Da Wu, and Tang Da Wu.
Dinding Place, Muswell Hill, and Unity.
How much is Ootoro Sushi?
Number sequence is T0325497G and date of birth is 08 February 1970.
Tell me the price of braised duck noodle.
Dermale, Emulsying ointment, and La Roche Porsay.
There is a food court selling mung bean fritters behind Izora's house.
Siglap, Zhongshan Mall, and Kranji Reservoir.
lemak siput, ma lai gao, and bbq sambal sting ray.
Number sequence is T6183752K and date of birth is 16 December 2009.
Can I take a bus to Yin Foh Kuan Cemetery?
I am meeting Jacquez at Historic House of Boys' Brigade first.
How long does it take to get to Kong Hiap Memorial Museum by taxi?
ISD, DTL, and OCS.
Does ya kun kaya toast taste good?
golden sand bun is well-known in my hometown.
Juliana Yasin, Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering, and Liang Wenfu.
I can't eat all of this Masala Dosa.
Where is INSEAD Asia Campus?
Banh Mi, Beef Vindaloo, and Ras Malai.
Jurong Island Highway, Work Injury Compensation Department, and Home Team Academy.
This is the best char siew bao that I can find.
What is the distance to Far Horizon Gardens?
gulai daun ubi, jian dui, and prata onion.
What are the landmarks near Upper Paya Lebar Underpass?
Alex Abisheganaden, J. Y. Pillay, and Vijesh Ashok Ghariwala.
Shui Tit Sing, Aidli Mosbit, and Jek Yeun Thong.
Maarof Salleh, Yuni Hadi, and Arthur Henderson Young.
How much is dark chocolate dipped churro?
Tee Tua Ba, Shaffiq Selamat, and Alfian Sa'at.
Prince Of Wales Road, Tuas Loop, and InterContinental Robertson Quay.
Khor Ean Ghee, Ramli Sarip, and Kevin Kwan.
Narcotics Control Bureau, First Toa Payoh, and Rochor Road.
This is the best salted egg yolk sotong that I can find.
Alu Matar, Lime Pickle, and Gulab Jamun.
Litha, Alison, and Brion.
How far away is Labrador Nature Reserve from here?
Please show me the way to Interpol Global Complex for Innovation.
Hokkaido Baked Cheese Tart, Vicks, and Mediheal.
Azman Abdullah, Alec Kuok, and Brigadier Ivan Simson.
How long does it take to get to Costa del Sol by taxi?
mui kee, telur dadah, and ikan tiga rasa.
9385 4232
Please look for Mario when you reach Sun Yat Sen Villa.
So Heng, Justin Lean, and Mohammad Arif Suhaimi.
6886 6155
Wang Chunde, Tham Yui Kai, and Wang Sha.
I am meeting Landen at Prison Transport Unit first.
What is the cheapest way to Pantech Business Hub?
Vikram Nair, K. F. Seetoh, and Sabri Buang.
What are the landmarks near SAF Ferry Terminal & Jetty?
How do I get to Slim Barracks Rise?
It is faster to take the bus to ACS Oldham Hall.
Can I take the MRT to Shalom Bible Presbyterian Church?
Rubiah Suparman, Annabel Pennefather, and Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill.
Are there food courts or restaurants near D'Kranji Farm Resort?
Golden Village, Farmhouse Fresh Milk, and Guardian.
Elyse, Nickolas, and June.
Can I take the MRT to Fourth Lok Yang Road?
Number sequence is S0491368C and date of birth is 11 August 1997.
Moriah, Stephania, and Seth.
Natura Stoma is on promotion.
Could you tell me the way to Family Education & Promotion Division?
I am meeting Gina at Red Cross Campsite first.
Select the fastest way to Benjamin Sheares Bridge.
28 Feb. 2014 17:22:46
Yakitori, Rogan Josh, and Kimchi jjigae.
Okinawa soba, Oden, and Maili Kofta.
Sunset Square
There is a food court selling kai lan seafood behind Harlie's house.
Raman Daud, Arumugam Ponnu Rajah, and Dollah Kassim.
Could you tell me the way to Government Technology Agency?
I trust Polident.
Where is the best view in United Kingdom?
I am waiting for Ophelia to come back from St Anne's Wood.
Please look for Sophie when you reach Teochew Funeral Parlour.
21 Aug. 1967 05:00:25
How many calories does a serving of Katsu Tendon have?
How long does it take to get to Eastern Health Alliance by taxi?
Sang Nila Utama, Grace Fu, and Evelyn Lip.
Where is Madrasah Al-Tahzibiah Al-islamiah?
Accucheck, Suu balm, and Molnylcke health care.
This is the best Chaat Papri that I can find.
MeraPrime, Toh Heights, and Nan Chiau High School.
Please tell me how to cook Miso Soup.
gudeg putih, chap chai, and ban mian.
Ardmore Residence, Jalan Jelutong, and MOE Building.
Tung Yue Nang, Barry Desker, and Ken Kwek.
Can I take a bus to Fort Canning Tunnel?
How long will it take to walk to Ci Zheng Gong Temple?
Masjid An-Nahdhah, Maria Avenue, and Mimosa Vale.
Select the fastest way to Pan Pacific Serviced Suites Beach Road.
satay babat, har kow, and cheng tng.
Can I take a bus to Grand Copthorne Waterfront Hotel?
Clementi Town, Venture Drive, and Michaels Backpackers.
Freeda, Armstead, and Madonna.
chilli crab, singapore-style noodles, and frog porridge.
I like bubur cha cha very much.
Ionil T is having a discount.
0 7 9 3 7 4 9 5 0 1
There is a food court selling hum chim peng behind Cloyd's house.
Albert Winsemius, James Richardson Logan and Joyce Fan? You are not familiar with these names?
Wing On Life Garden, Jalan Adat, and Tl Airport Boulevard.
Sungei Tengah Road, Twin Regency, and Communicable Disease Centre.
pig fallopian tubes, soya beancurd, and youtiao.
There is a food court selling curry mixed vegetable behind Johannah's house.
It's about 23 minutes' walk to Registry of Muslim Marriages.
Edith, Anne, and Barrie.
pak thong ko is very tasty.
Jeanna, Olene, and Hiram.
Dotty bought llao llao sanum for Edrie.
Sarah Winstedt, Percival Frank Aroozoo, and Dorothy Krishnan.
Can I take the MRT to Sree Veeramuthu Muneeswaran Temple?
Do you know how to cook cuttlefish kang kong?
Wes, Liston, and Felicia.
How much is sweet and sour calamari?
Carrot Halwa, Pretzel, and Carrot Halwa.
kari babi, macarons, and baked tapioca.
086JRL
Hor Chim Or, Ye Shufang, and Cheryl Noronha.
The class assignment was to study about Sundarajulu Lakshmana Perumal, Stephanie Wong and Parsick Joaquim.
Leonard Montague Harrod, Ore Huiying, and Tony Khoo.
Peacehaven Nursing Home, Corporation Rise, and Darul Ihsan Orphanage.
Enjoy your mutton stew.
Mariam Baharom
Lesley is dropping me off at Pulau Ubin Fo Shan Ting Da Bo Gong Temple.
Criminal Investigation Department, Bukit Timah Shopping Centre, and ICA ALPS Custom Checkpoint.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Sophia Blackmore and Mahmood Yusof.
Simpang Bedok, Naumi Hotel, and Comcare.
Do you know where is Sekolah Indonesia Singapura?
Victoria Secret, Giordano, and Ayam penyet ria.
Navratan Korma is a must-try.
Canossian Mission, Puay Hee Avenue, and Singapore Buddhist Federation.
Lelar, Sharron, and Cleveland.
Where can I find the best chinese spinach with assorted eggs?
How far away is Police Special Operations Command from here?
Lengkong Tiga, Punggol Way, and Lorong Tukang Satu.
Jalan Intan, Mcnally Street, and Blue Stars Dormitory.
A series of biographies about Cherian George, Laurence Nunns Guillemard and Joan Pereira was recently published.
9788 8331
Joseph McNally, Fang Guixiang, and Shen Xi.
Pizza, Omurice, and Dhokla.
I am particular about my popiah sayur.
Amit, Dilip, and Devi.
Show me the way to Woodlands Wafer Fabrication Park.
There are stories about Jeremy Monteiro, Walter Makepeace and Lee Yi Shyan in the database.
Jamiyah Islamic Centre, The Harvest Force, and Mandai.
Visitor Services Centre, Aljunied Road, and Benoi Sector.
Where is Farrer Court?
David Kwo, Alfred Eric, and Rosemary Tessensohn.
9318 5233
yu sheng is a must-try.
Number sequence is S6015432O and date of birth is 22 September 1928.
Betsy
Rahim Omar, Zainudin Nordin, and Mary Gomes.
Paul Smith, Koi, and Eau Thermale Avene.
Cliff, Aimee, and Galilea.
SPC, NUH, and NS.
Aura bought epok-epok sardin for Josefa.
Winston Oh, Suzann Victor, and Claire Chiang.
The people included in the list are Louis Mountbatten, Angelo Sanelli and Goh Eck Kheng.
SGX, PP, and NITEC.
Find the fastest way to Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
3970 9922
Sonny Liew, Naa Govindasamy, and Janil Puthucheary.
6706 0914
Tell me the price of Sambar.
Spencer Chapman, Balli Kaur Jaswal, and Choe Fook Cheong Alan.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Geylang Polyclinic & Dental Clinic?
Show me the way to Tribunal for Maintenance of Parents.
Karly recently opened a new murtabak lembu restaurant.
Fortune, Four Leaves, and Taka Jewelry.
SIT @ Republic Polytechnic, Almond Crescent, and Nibong.
I like ondeh ondeh very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Ho Sou Ping and Teo-Koh Sock Miang.
Marie Ethel Bong, Punch Coomaraswamy, and Abdul Ghani Hamid.
3912 3656
SDP, CTE, and AVA.
Chew Ghim Lian Phyllis, Mavis Khoo-Oei, and Gopal Baratham.
Knorr, Ritz Crackers, and Nana lemon.
Fritada, Dangojiru, and Pulao.
Number sequence is T8412690S and date of birth is 25 October 1990.
Do you know how to cook Ladoo?
Star Cruise, Vitamin Water, and Audi.
Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth, Lim Denan Denon, and Rosaline Chan-Pang.
Sudhir, Pratap, and Birbal.
Sha'ari bin Tadin, Chuang Hsueh-Fang, and Lu Ming-Teh Earl.
R231KD
Lee Ti-Seng Desmond, Evon Kow, and Sat Pal Khattar.
How do I get to Chek Sian Tng Temple?
harum manis is a traditional local cuisine.
png tao is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook stream grouper.
Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai and Loo Choon Yong has met this person that I know of.
Florida's Natural, Hada Labo, and Swissgear.
SRJC, SNB, and DSTA.
Crepe, Ochazuke, and Nachos.
1 1 8 2 2 4 9 3 4 0
Leafy is dropping me off at Taman Permata.
Rivercrest, Addicts Anonymous, and Sunglass Hut.
Do you know where is River Valley?
Jaylin, Ebenezer, and Linwood.
Kit Kat, UIC, and Thirsty Hippo.
Vaselin, Ego sunsense, and Ketoconazole shampoo.
Kishore Mahbubani, Chng Seok Tin, and Kwa Geok Choo.
Angela Liong, Lee Hock Moh, and Hamed Ismail.
I can't eat all of this nutella tart.
the following monday
Mychal, Brianna, and Quint.
Mastercard, Tori-Q, and Cold Stone Creamery.
Cuthbert Aloysius Shepherdson, Bill Chen, and Singai Mukilan.
Please look for Elnora when you reach Sentosa Cineblast.
Please tell me how to get to Sky Vue.
Naengmyeon, Kulfi, and Zosui.
What is Reykjavik famous for?
crayfish beehoon is very tasty.
I am waiting for Willene to come back from Khalsa Kindergarten.
Number sequence is T1309648W and date of birth is 12 November 1943.
Do you know where is Kallang Bahru?
Samuel Dyer, Chai Hon Yoong, and Bonny Hicks.
Racquel loves ice-cream bread.
78 Shenton Way, Alnwick Road, and Homestay Residences.
Find the fastest way to Ulu Pandan.
Shelvie bought oyster omelette for Hazel.
Kappa
Lorong Lada Puteh, Lengkok Dua, and Hougang Avenue.
Kumar, Joshua Ip, and Koh Mui Hiang Julie.
Tongkang, Dhammakaya Centre, and Jacob Ballas Children's Garden.
PKMS, WCG, and IDA.
Chetan, Rajaratnam, and Kasinadhuni.
Tell me the price of milo dinosaur.
Raymond Anthony Fernando, Roger Jenkins, and Jaafar Latiff.
Which bus should I take to Compassvale Bow?
Yo Po Tee, Lina Chiam, and Aliman Hassan.
tempoyak, aloo gobi, and chai tow kuay.
Carmelite Monastery, Hollandse Club, and Parkway Surgery & Medical Centre.
What is the easiest way to Mar Thoma Syrian Church?
Tamela, Lilyan, and Manda.
Abraham Solomon, C.Kunalan, and Ng Yak Whee.
I'm a loyal customer of Caltrate.
Girl Guides Singapore, Pavilion View, and Gali Batu MRT Depot.
This shop sells Monsunabe.
Saraca Road, Foreign Manpower Management Division, and Maranatha Baptist Church.
Tsung Yeh, Philip Jeyaretnam, and Ho Yuen Hoe.
Skin Ceuticals aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Julien is dropping me off at Concourse Skyline.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Padang Chancery?
How many calories does a serving of orh nee have?
Lish, Ella, and Chantal.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Bishan Loft?
Delima, Melur, and Adi.
Lorna Tan, Deborah Ong Hui Min, and Yaw Shin Leong.
stir fried pork with Black Pepper, pan fried crispy bee hoon, and lemak cili padi.
Nothing beats having chai tow kuay in the summer.
Fanta
Please show me the way to Holiday Inn Express Singapore Orchard Road.
82,835
How long will it take to walk to Kuang Chee Tng Buddhist Association?
What currency does Sri Lanka use?
AJC, URA, and SBF.
Cathrine recently opened a new Imoni Restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Bukit Merah Central Post Office.
TCMPB, MOM, and DJ.
Chir Chir, Armani Exchange, and Jean Yip Hair & Hair Spa.
How long will it take to walk to Park Avenue Suites River Wing?
Abdul Aziz Pakkeer Mohamed, Vincent Leow, and Shaikh Ahmad Bin Bakar Bin Abdullah Jabbar.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include John Frederick Adolphus McNair, June Yap, and Lim Tik En David.
Ee Boon Kong Henry, Joanna Wong Quee Heng, and Chia Kwek Fah.
yao cai hei ji tang, nasi goreng daging merah, and salted egg crab.
Please tell me how to cook Dark Chocolate Dipped Churro.
Where should I go in South Korea?
It's about 38 minutes' walk to Lee Ah Mooi Old Age Home.
Church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Concord Primary School, and Sembawang Hills Drive.
Cheng Wai Keung, Kwa Soon Bee and Pang Teck Joon? Are you not familiar with these names?
Chan Keng Howe Harry, Goh Soo Khim, and Louis Ng Kok Kwang.
Okinawa Soba, Yaki Udon, and Caramelized Maui Onion Dip.
Could you tell me the way to Tee Kwee Hood Sia Temple?
Rolla is dropping me off at MOE Dairy Farm Adventure Centre.
Senja Link
Jalan Naga Sari, Ang Mo Kio Police Divisional HQ, and Kim Tian Hotel.
Gulab Jamun is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
Syed Jaafar Albar, Er Kwong Wah, and Robet Carr Woods, Senior.
Number Sequence is T4630827Z and date of birth is 20 May 1981.
Dalacin T Clindamycin Phosphate Topical Gel, Tussils 5 Cough Lozenges, and Difflam Solution.
9530 3745
Enjoy your Soya Beancurd.
7 0 3 9 3 8 0 6 7 9
15 Jul. 2004 03:22:26
Chew Swee Kee, Lau Siew Lang Doris, and James Richardson Logan.
Thomas Yeo, M. Saffri A. Manaf, and Hu Tsu Tau Richard.
Which bus should I take to SIT @ Republic Polytechnic?
Art Friend, Eu Yan Sang, and Mountain Dew.
Enjoy your Masala Dosa.
Loria loves curry chicken.
Lok Yang Way, Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall, and Lorong Ampas.
Yong Lew Foong, Loo Choon Yong and Ajit Singh Gill are in the database.
Kwok Peng Kin Francis, Ip Yiu Tung, and Liew Wee Mee.
Kari recently opened a new kuih talam tepong pandan restaurant.
Chai Yee Wei, Sakura Teng Ying Hua, and Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani.
Tay Chong Hai, Fong Hoe Beng, and Gabriel Oon Chong Jin.
Ezell, Avah, and Modena.
Puma, Natural Project, and Emel by Melinda Looi.
Tom Yam Goong, Oyakodon, and Tom Yam Goong.
O Thiam Chin, Colin Qi Zhe Quan, and Herman Hochstadt.
Please tell me how to get to Choa Chu Kang Loop.
Khalish, andika, and Nurin.
Number Sequence is T9153642N and date of birth is 01 February 1961.
Find the fastest way to one Raffles Place Tower.
Is Sudan on the same latitude as Marshall Islands?
You must try herbal bak ku teh when you are here.
Popular, Kate Spade New York, and Bianco Mimosa.
4Fingers Crispy Chicken, Doctor Martens, and Ashley Summers.
nonya kueh lapis, Peanut Paste, and peanut butter jelly Ice Cream.
Lemma, Ennis, and Adrien.
Leo Hee Tong, Boey Chuan Poh, and Lai Siu Chiu.
Select the fastest way to North East Community Development Council.
Date Tamarind Chutney, Bibimbap, and Tamago kake gohan.
MRT, MOF, and TPJC.
Nova
Thaqif, Alfian, and Omar.
I would like to visit Palikir.
We studied about Giam Yean Song Gerald, Vilma Laus and Jacob Ballas in the class assignment.
Does red tortoise steamed cake taste good?
Christopher De Souza, Ho Kwon Ping, and Quek Ling Kiong.
Great World Apartments, Kallang Wave Mall, and Airport Fire Station 2.
Vegetable Jalfrezi, Rogan Josh, and Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara.
Vanu, Ram Manohar, and Balaji.
Where can I find the best sliced fish hor fun?
Mah Li Lian, Ernest P. Shanks, and P. V. Sharma.
Lentil Soup is very tasty.
National Library Board, Alkaff Crescent, and Kampong Ubi Industrial Estate.
I am particular about my Seafood Paella.
Chau Sik Ting, Leu Yew Chye, and Percival Frank Aroozoo.
Rufiyaa, NT Dollars, and Kyat.
Manhattan Fish Market, EC House, and Jack Daniel's.
I am meeting Raheem at Marina Bay City Gallery first.
Aishah, Suriani, and Syafiqah.
Oei Tiong Ham, Hor Chim or, and Khoo Seok Wan.
You must try stir fry beef with Ginger Onions when you are here.
Pulut Hitam, Seafood Tom Yum, and bbq sambal sting ray.
Marymount Terrace, Klang Lane, and Interpol Global Complex for Innovation.
How far away is Yin Foh Kuan Cemetery from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Masuri S. N., Benny Se Teo and Edwin Tessensohn!
It's about 56 minutes' walk to Singapore Yu Huang Gong Temple of Heavenly Jade Emperor.
Number Sequence is T8543671Y and date of birth is 23 July 1937.
Please look for Ruthe when you reach CHIJ Saint Nicholas Girls.
Lucile bought lotus leaf duck for Lashanda.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Buenos Aires.
This shop sells air zam-zam.
5 2 5 6 1 3 9 7 8 1
K. F. Seetoh, Phan Ming Yen, and Alfred Duff Cooper.
Tropical Marine Science Institute, Sing Joo Walk, and Lotus Hostel.
Mister Muscle, Kbox, and Bake Cheese Tart.
I want to go shopping in Port of Spain
Wilfrid, Lynn, and Ariana.
What is the easiest way to Paya Lebar Methodist Girls' School?
Tena, La Roche Porsay, and White Soft Paraffin.
Jervois Close, Kismis Green, and Hawker Centres Division.
Anand, Srinivasa, and Ravi Shankar.
Shaw Towers
I am waiting for Tamera to come back from Chung Hwa Free Clinic.
Aaron, Putera, and Irfan.
Peck San theng, Chesed-El Synagogue, and Colchester Grove.
Beef Vindaloo, Katsu Tendon, and Beef Galbi.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Rash Behari Bose, Hussein Haniff and Faridah Hanum.
Chay Jung Jun Mark, Lin Chen, and Tang Da Wu.
9184 1792
Aniya recently opened a new Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze restaurant.
Follow Me, Challenger, and Standard Chartered Bank.
I knew a person who has met both William Farquhar and Hang Chang Chieh.
Liu Si, J. B. Jeyaretnam, and Haji Namazie, Mohd Javad.
Mohammad Nurrasyid Juraimi, Charles Gamba, and Lancelot Maurice Pennefather.
Peranakan Museum, University Town, and Supreme Court.
Eric Moo, Chao Hick Tin, and Chor Yeok Eng.
Sekolah Ugama Radin Mas, Pandan Road, and Employment Agency Licensing Branch.
How much is Miso Soup?
Number Sequence is S7810429A and date of birth is 28 January 1920.
Tell me the price of ayam buah keluak.
Molnylcke Health Care, Esteem Stoma, and Fibogel.
Darwyn, Erling, and Loring.
Pearl's Hill City, Catholic Junior College, and DIMENSIONS International College.
dendeng paru, ya kun kaya toast, and sayur lodeh.
Number Sequence is T4651297W and date of birth is 26 November 1971.
Nothing beats having char kway teow in the summer.
Can I take a bus to AXA Life Building?
I am meeting Allean at Unilever four Acres Singapore Campus first.
How long does it take to get to Mount Sinai Rise by taxi?
PJC, HSBC, and PCG.
Does Lemon Barley Drink taste good?
Andrew Clarke, Low Thia Khiang, and Sitoh Yih Pin.
Am I right that Yamoussoukro is a capital city?
Zubir Said, Xu Yuan Zhen, and Samuel George Bonham.
I can't eat all of this Maili Kofta.
Where is Chwee Chian View?
Mugi Meshi, Kimchi Jjigae, and Lime Pickle.
24th
Public Service Commission, Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve, and Kingsmead Road.
What is the distance to Singapore Infocomm Technology Security Authority?
mee kuah, Chilli Sauce Clams, and stream grouper.
What are the landmarks near Mandai Executive Golf Course?
Arthur Henderson Young, Edwy Lyonet Talma, and Joan Hon.
Humphrey Morrison Burkill, Kuo Pao Kun, and Desmond Choo.
Chana Dal is well-known in my hometown.
Agnes Joaquim, Jek Yeun Thong, and Toh Liying.
How much is liu sha bao?
Alexander Wolters, Paul Abisheganaden, and Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill.
Khalil Ibrahim, Aziza Ali, and Raymond Anthony Fernando.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Upper Seletar Reservoir?
Lorong H Telok Kurau, Peninsula Plaza, and Connexion Hospital.
HXFNI9
This is the best sweet and sour sotong that I can find.
Marleen, Brogan, and Jaelynn.
How far away is Madrasah Al-Tahzibiah Al-islamiah from here?
Please show me the way to Tanjong Pagar Ricoh.
Mung Bean Fritters is a must-try.
PC Show, Don Don Donki, and SK-II.
Singai Mukilan, Loh Sin Yun, and Ronald Susilo.
How long does it take to get to Civil Defence Academy by taxi?
ikan tiga rasa, ghee thosai, and baby squid.
How do I get to Prison Transport Unit?
Number Sequence is S1804653E and date of birth is 22 December 2024.
9264 1648
Please look for Shelly when you reach Outward Bound Ubin Camp 1 Jetty.
Siti Khalijah, Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering, and Harichandra.
6622 8677
Soh Kay Siang, Ridzwan Dzafir, and Janil Puthucheary.
I am meeting Margo at SAFRA Toa Payoh first.
What is the cheapest way to Benjamin Sheares Bridge?
Seah Liang Seah, Neo Anngee, and Cai Bixia.
What are the landmarks near Pacific Elder Care Nursing Home?
Nothing beats having Taco Salad in the summer.
Show me the way to Criminal Investigation Department.
How do I get to Costa Sands Resort?
It is faster to take the bus to Woodlands Waterfront Promenade.
Can I take the MRT to Ayer Rajah Expressway?
Maria Dyer, Wang Sui Pick, and Nadasen Chandra.
Robert Ibbetson, Ariff Bongso, and Khor Ean Ghee.
Secret Recipe, Beauty People, and Snek Ku.
Elonzo, Kristofer, and Jacquelynn.
Please show me the way to 16 Collyer Quay.
By using names such as Michael Olcomendy, Masagos Zulkifli and Irene Ng Phek Hoong -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Tuas Road, Wellington Circle, and Teochew Funeral Parlour.
Can I take the MRT to Kiew Sian King Temple?
Number Sequence is S2930581K and date of birth is 06 August 1939.
Siddie, Ingrid, and Tandy.
Ego sunsense is on promotion.
Gold Roast, Aspire Hub, and Bobbi Brown.
17th
I am meeting Kalen at Masjid Al-Abdul Razak first.
Select the fastest way to Guan Huat Kiln.
12 Feb. 1972 09:40:17
Saag Paneer, Pad Thai, and Carrot Halwa.
Lamb Kebabs, Raita, and Agedashi Dofu.
KFC
there is a food court selling Ma Lai Gao behind Kadijah's house.
Vernon Cornelius, Jo Marion Seow, and Iskandar Jalil.
I trust Avene.
What can I do in United Arab Emirates?
I am waiting for Angelica to come back from Hoon Lam Tua Pek Kong Temple.
Please look for Landyn when you reach Legal Aid Bureau.
25 Nov. 1986 05:18:02
How many calories does a serving of Mediterranean Penne have?
How long does it take to get to St Anne's Wood by taxi?
Joyce Fan, Sarah Winstedt, and Teresa Hsu.
pig fallopian tubes, getuk getuk, and satay.
Where is Nepal Circus?
Hygin X, Sigvaris, and Colora Water Colours.
Please tell me how to cook Tom Kha Gai.
Furtere Paris, Sebamed, and Skin Ceuticals.
Cheese Naan, frog porridge, and roti prata.
Pebble Lane, Altez, and Red Cross Campsite.
Neila Sathyalingam, Bernard Harrison, and Rahimah Rahim.
How long will it take to walk to Harvester Assembly of God?
Kent Ridge Digital Labs, Springfield Secondary School, and Pitt Street.
braised shark fin soup is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
sam lau, Marshmallow Cheesecake, and pineapple tart.
This shop sells deep fried ngoh hiang.
Can I take a bus to His Sanctuary Services Church?
Korean Church Kindergarten, SCAL Dormitory, and Nan Chiau High School.
Chinese Spinach, laddu, and Sugar Cane Juice.
0 9 9 0 5 2 2 5 6 4
there is a food court selling chin chow grass jelly behind andreas' house.
Huang Wenhong, Han Sai Por and Jit Koon Ch'ng? You are not familiar with these names?
Braddell Underpass, Marsiling Neighbourhood Police Post, and Twin Regency.
Sentosa Gateway, Golden Star Hotel, and Lorong Pisang Asam.
Festus, oneal, and Ansley.
pak thong ko, drunken prawns, and serunding.
there is a food court selling kari babi behind Kailyn's house.
It's about 54 minutes' walk to Whitley Heights.
Zaid, Lavar, and Deric.
Jerilynn, Kati, and Aspen.
Rosaline Chan-Pang, Devan Nair, and Denise Fletcher.
Do you know how to cook llao llao sanum?
Zeke loves cuttlefish kang kong.
Fleda, Ritchie, and Debbie.
How much is durian pengat?
Udon, Fettuccine Alfredo, and Panang Curry.
ribena, sup kambing, and yu sheng.
Does Tekkadon taste good?
4EAXLV
Constance Singam, Peter Gilchrist, and Arumugam Vijiaratnam.
the class assignment was to study about Walter Makepeace, Walter Makepeace and Lee Khoon Choy.
Jennifer Tham, Cleo Thang, and Cindy Sim.
Hiyashi Chuka, Chaat Papri, and Unadon.
Simpang Bedok, Westgate, and Anchorvale Link.
Enjoy your gulai daun ubi.
Perumal Govindaswamy, Sophia Hull, and Leon Perera.
Ernesto is dropping me off at Kwan Imm See Temple.
Oxley Hotel, 321 Clementi, and JEM.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Barry Desker and Amrin Amin.
Mustafa Shopping Centre, Balam Road, and ICA Coastal Command.
Do you know where is Singapore Sikh Education Foundation?
Ted Baker, Nature Valley, and Mimeo.
Ras Malai is a must-try.
its quarter to eleven
Zhuang Shengtao, Shen Xi, and Ian Loy.
Foo Hai Ch'an Monastery, I12 Katong, and Lorong Kemunchup.
Odessa, Quincy, and Hughie.
Where can I find the best mapo tofu?
Lengkong Satu, Commonwealth Avenue West, and Darul Ihsan Orphanage.
Bishan Point, Naumi Liora, and Ee Teow Leng Road.
9739 6980
Adeline Ooi, Chow Sau Hai Roland, and Dhershini Govin Winodan.
Medu Vada, Kalguksu, and Medu Vada.
Chengara, Haresh, and Smriti.
Show me the way to Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
How many calories does a serving of lemper udang have?
there are stories about Venerable Shi Ming Yi, Jacques De Coutre and Gwee Ah Leng in the database.
PS 21 Office, Haw Par Villa, and Jalan Kelichap.
I am looking for a tour around Bulgaria.
Casuarina, Temasek Avenue, and Treasure Island.
Teo-Koh Sock Miang, Cheryl Noronha, and Lim Guat Kheng Rosie.
9059 2810
kacang pool is a must-try.
CAAS, AGC, and FAS.
Jasmine Ser Xiang Wei, Stanley Toft Stewart, and Suzann Victor.
Warehouse, Cold Storage, and Diamond Days.
Wilmer, Nyah, and Jefferey.
Zoe bought xi ban for Tennie.
the people included in the list are Cedric Monteiro, Che Dah Mohamed Noor and Hedwig Anuar.
POP, WDA, and STB.
Find the fastest way to Park Royal on Pickering.
6474 4955
Au Yue Pak, S. R. Nathan, and Suratman Markasan.
63,925
Which bus should I take to Fo Guang Shan Buddha Temple?
6923 8543
George Murray Reith, Sat Pal Khattar, and Alex Josey.
Tell me the price of Navratan Korma.
Intan Azura Mokhtar, Lee Shu Fen, and Quentin Pereira.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near the Sleepy Kiwi Backpackers Hostel?
Show me the way to Chapel of the Holy Spirit.
Billye recently opened a new fishball noodle restaurant.
It is faster to take the bus to APSN Tanglin Special School.
Lornie Viaduct, Chempaka Avenue, and Palawan Beach Walk.
I like putri salad very much.
the library recently did a roadshow on Tan Thoon Lip and Edmund Blundell.
Philip Jackson, Phua Thin Kiay, and Russel Wong.
3974 7464
SIM, JC, and SUSS.
Katsudon, Korokke, and Pho.
Number Sequence is T6732549B and date of birth is 04 September 1957.
I am particular about my apom berkuah.
Viu, Toy Outpost, and Best Denki.
Kenneth Mitchell, Kenneth Mitchell, and Pan Cheng Lui.
Rajesh, Mukesh, and Hri.
Keith Simmons, Babes Conde, and Lee Chiaw Meng.
FXJ9ZO
How do I get to Maranatha Bible Presby Church?
mui kee is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
epok-epok kentang is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook ondeh ondeh.
Estee Lauder, Prima Deli, and Nutella.
PMO, NAC, and NYP.
Monsunabe, Pita, and Fritada.
7 3 8 7 8 2 4 4 0 0
Helios Residences, Jamiyah Children's Home, and Tebing Lane.
Vinton is dropping me off at Junction 10.
Do you know where is Sunshine Welfare Action Mission Home?
Nona, Cassius, and Roswell.
twenty Anson
Bevy C., Tahuna, and Learning Lab.
Natura Stoma, Strepsils, and Ketoconazole Shampoo.
Dollah Majid, Nicolette Teo Wei-min, and Othman Wok.
Anne Wong Holloway, Rohani Din, and Anita Sarawak.
I can't eat all of this rojak india.
approximately six PM in the evening
Worth, Idabelle, and Darron.
Second Chance, Massimo Dutti, and Airwick.
Owyang Chi, Shah Hussain, and Yeoh Ghim Seng.
Please look for Jessika when you reach Parkway Parade.
Please tell me how to get to Holland Plain.
Lasagne, Okayu, and Pizza.
What is Roseau famous for?
png tao is very tasty.
I am waiting for Eddy to come back from Registry of Muslim Marriages.
Number Sequence is S5138276G and date of birth is 27 October 2019.
Do you know where is Chek Chai Long Chuen Temple?
Lu Ming-Teh Earl, Abraham Frankel, and Ahmad Mattar.
Davy loves ice-cream bread.
I am waiting for Zita to come back from Blissful Loft.
Lengkok Enam, Singapore Sailing Federation, and Stockport Road.
Giovanny bought siew mai for Noelia.
Jules Itier
Emmaus Baptist Church, Clifton Vale, and Jalan Paras.
Jimmy Chok, Brian Farrell, and Abdul Ghani Hamid.
I like Ochazuke very much.
Taman Permata, Ceylon Sports Club, and Woodleigh Lane.
NS, ERP, and BMT.
Tell me the price of epok epok.
Isa Kamari, Nissim Nassim Adis, and Tom Phillips.
Which bus should I take to Copyright Tribunal?
Jalan Selanting, Boulevard Vue, and Jelutung Harbour Park.
What is the fastest way to Outram Polyclinic?
Sylvania, Esmeralda, and Scott.
Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim, Checha Davies, and Natarajan Chandrasekaran.
9 8 4 3 1 3 0 9 4 1
I'm a loyal customer of Molicare.
ACS Independent Boarding School, Jalan Girang, and Tampines Eco Green.
Keppel Distripark, Gracehaven, the Salvation Army, and Farrer Park Station.
This shop sells Tempura.
Jalan Hari Raya, foreign Manpower Management Division, and Shenton House.
Mutton Stew, Curry Puff, and pecel lele.
British Council, Jalan Suasa, and Umar Pulavar Tamil Language Centre.
Growell aims to meet its customers' expectations.
Frida is dropping me off at Kaplan Residence.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Kampung Glam?
How many calories does a serving of cheng tng have?
Derrell, Kelly, and Bobby.
Mar Thoma Syrian Church, SJI Preparatory School, and Malabar Street.
2QE57C
Are there food courts or restaurants near Thuja Home @ Pelangi Village?
Joyah, Aidil, and Yati.
Naa Govindasamy, Frank Dorrington Ward, and Salleh Japar.
Do you know how to cook bhindi masala?
ayam panggang, Kue Lupis, and gudeg putih.
Nothing beats having dum briyani in the summer.
Bluedio
Please show me the way to Bahtera Track.
565,960
How long will it take to walk to Integrated Depot?
I am thinking of visiting Bosnia and Herzegovina. Can you go with me?
NEA, SAC, and HEB.
Donell recently opened a new yi bua restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Bethesda Cathedral.
MND, NEL, and NCS.
Schweppes, S&W, and GNC Live Well.
How long will it take to walk to Edgefield Plains?
Charmaine Solomon, Linn in Hua, and Denis D'Cotta.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Tan Hwee Hwee, Cham Tao Soon, and Raman Daud.
Goh Chiew Lye, Osman Zailani, and Stella Kon.
rempeyek, orh nee, and peranakan kueh.
Please tell me how to cook Oyster Omelette.
Is Mongolia a nice place?
It's about 51 minutes' walk to MCE Tunnel.
Zainudin Nordin, Habib Noh, and Justin Quek.
Could you tell me the way to JTC Corporation?
Windy is dropping me off at Night Safari.
Mediheal
Kam Ning, Rodney Tan, and Prema Letchumanan.
Lower Delta Road, Sengkang Industrial Ave 1, and Work Injury Compensation Department.
Teriyaki is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
Suppiah Dhanabalan, Zhang Youshuo, and Chris Yeo.
Number Sequence is T2691803F and date of birth is 14 March 2012.
Imodium Loperamide Tablets, Avamys Fluticasone Furoate Intranasal Spray, and Oracort E Triamcinolone Paste.
9349 3047
Enjoy your murtabak rusa.
9 7 2 5 9 8 4 5 8 1
09 Jan. 1928 07:50:26
Li Lienfung, Rubiah Suparman, and Hamed Ismail.
Wen Jinhua, Zhu Hong, and Meira Chand.
3370 3779
Which bus should I take to Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth?
London Biscuits, 18Chef, and Skull Candy.
Enjoy your Bratwurst.
Mercer loves milo dinosaur.
Sultan Gate, Saiboo Street, and Hougang Mall.
Percy McNeice, Percy McNeice, and Martin Yan.
Burney recently opened a new jian dui restaurant.
John Morrice, MaxLe Blond, and Khatijah Surattee.
Robert Fullerton, Shui Lan, and Kouo Shang-Wei.
Kaylyn, Devonta, and Marvel.
Farmhouse Fresh Milk, G2000, and ComfortDelGro.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Carcasa Convent?
Sukiyaki, Jingisukan, and Chigenabe.
Aline Wong, Juthika Ramanathan, and Winston Choos.
Please tell me how to get to Padang Chancery.
Ashraf, Taufik, and Raisya.
Number Sequence is S1534786G and date of birth is 03 August 1934.
Find the fastest way to Tekong Highway.
You must try sesame balls when you are here.
Kane Mochi, Nong Shim, and Systema.
Johnnie Walker, Axe Brand, and Swissgear.
nasi ambeng, acar, and katong laksa.
Alondra, Ashlyn, and Juliann.
Select the fastest way to Ardmore II.
Idili, Kamameshi, and Samgyeopsal.
SDP, IMDA, and CDC.
I want to travel to Tbilisi.
Does Crayfish BeeHoon taste good?
Hossan Leong, Mardan Mamat, and Chuang Hsueh-Fang.
Duke-NUS Medical School, Westridge Walk, and Rosyth.
I am particular about my Ravioli.
Yahya Cohen, Tracey Tan, and Jacki Passmore.
Riel, SGD, and Dirham.
Van Houten, Haagen Dazs, and Scoot.
I am meeting Traci at Bukit Timah Saddle club first.
Putri, Alyssa, and Melati.
Zai Kuning, Catchick Moses, and Ho Minfong.
360,218
You must try shan rui tang when you are here.
346,507
waffle, Singapore Sling, and mushroom beancurd.
Mei Hwan Drive, Jalan Cherpen, and Nibong.
It's about 37 minutes' walk to Mountbatten Vocational School.
Please look for Anjali when you reach Sky Habitat.
Eugenia bought asam pedas for Hurbert.
It is faster to take the bus to Big Box.
This shop sells aloo gobi.
Ron Wong, Tsung Yeh, and Ellice Handy.
St George's Lane, Registries of Trademarks Patents Designs and Plant Varieties, and Tanah Merah Coast Road.
Barrel, Mug Root Beer, and SVR.
Show me the best hotels in Managua.
What is the easiest way to Bugis Cube?
What is the distance to Jalan Rama Rama?
Kai San Temple, Sam Kee, and PA Water Venture.
Gauri, Bellur, and Vavilala.
Einmilk
I am waiting for Cherise to come back from Compassvale Bow.
Latifa, Lokman, and Murni.
Genesis School, Esplanade Park Memorials, and Social Development Network.
Lasagna, Burrito, and Quesadillas.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Selena Tan, Dato Sri Krishna and Cuthbert Aloysius Shepherdson.
8530 5605
Aleta recently opened a new tapak kuda restaurant.
Kit Kat, Istudio, and YOU C1000.
I knew a person who has met both George Dromgold Coleman and Mavis Khoo-Oei.
Glen Goei, Jah Lelawati, and Sylvia Tan.
Queenstown Lutheran Church, Cleantech View, and Labrador Secret Tunnels.
Narana Putumaippittan, Yeo Siak Goon, and D. N. Pritt.
Prince of Wales Road, Gillman Barracks, and Loyang Jetty.
Number Sequence is T5798630K and date of birth is 11 May 1952.
Tell me the price of putu piring.
Dermale, Gingko, and Emulsying Ointment.
Causeway Point, LilliPutt Indoor Mini Golf, and Springleaf Drive.
lemang, garlic naan, and lemang.
Number Sequence is T4193075U and date of birth is 29 September 1941.
Nothing beats having teochew huat kueh in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Jalan Layang Layang?
How long does it take to get to Jalan Gotong Royong by taxi?
SAJC, SCORE, and NCC.
Does teh halia tarik taste good?
tauge ikan masin is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Taipei.
Matthew Ngui, Mohamed Rozani Maarof, and John Turnbull Thomson.
I can't eat all of this Pulao.
Samgeyopsal, Takoyaki, and Unagi.
985th
Customs Operations Command, Sandwich Road, and Jalan Pasar Baru.
This is the best bee tai mak that I can find.
What is the distance to English Test Centre?
chendol, sagu melaka, and pig's brain soup.
What are the landmarks near Singapore Bioimaging Consortium?
Tan Lark Sye, Sonny Yap, and Yeng Pway Ngon.
Leonard Montague Harrod, Adan Jimenez, and Wee Toon Boon.
Breadsticks is well-known in my hometown.
Kumar, Du Nanfa, and Fandi Ahmad.
Tay Bak Koi, Yu-Foo Yee Shoon, and Gu Juan.
Sang Nila Utama, Tan Swie Hian, and Jose D'Almeida.
Are there food courts or restaurants near Singapore Girl Guides Association Camp Christine Campsite?
Jayleen 1918, Pasir Ris Farmway, and Bukit Batok Road.
RWJ4VS
This is the best Steamed Rice Cake with Preserved Radish that I can find.
Zosui, Nanakusa-gayu, and Sashimi.
Please show me the way to Jalan Angin Laut.
salted egg yolk calamari is a must-try.
Ramly Burger, Desigual, and Faber Castell.
Vivian Balakrishnan, Cheng Tsang Man, and Lee Peh Gee.
kaki ayam, Curry Mixed Vegetable, and sireh.
How do I get to Jalan Pari Kikis?
Number Sequence is T6520713N and date of birth is 08 October 2008.
8400 2962
Please look for Lota when you reach Jalan Bunga Rampai.
Kamsari Salam, Kartar Singh Thakral, and Oh Chai Hoo.
Rube loves Jokbal.
6088 7053
Chia Kiah Hong Steve, Bonny Hicks, and Zaqy Mohamad.
I am meeting Jones at ISEAS-Yusof Ishak Institute first.
What is the fastest way to T2 VIP Drive?
Thomas Shelford, Lee Ek Tieng, and Ramli Sarip.
What are the landmarks near Bo Tien Temple?
Show me the way to Lorong Tukang Tiga.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Gali Batu.
Can I take the MRT to Alexandra Canal Linear Park?
Munshi Abdullah, Sudhir Thomas Vadaketh, and Angela Liong.
Run Run Shaw, Santha Bhaskar, and Felix Cheong.
Tuk Tuk Cha, Swensens, and MKUP.
Gerrit, Almeta, and Rosalinda.
Please show me the way to Jalan Tari Zapin.
Moriah Bible-Presby Church, Vanda Link, and Eunos Avenue 5b.
Can I take the MRT to Copthorne King's Hotel?
Number Sequence is T8539642D and date of birth is 07 September 2013.
Brandin, Khloe, and Justina.
Uncle Toby's, Cakenis, and Mamy Poko.
4047th
Could you tell me the way to Lorong Sireh Pinang?
I am meeting Audie at Hostel Sleep Delight first.
Select the fastest way to Soleil @ Sinaran.
19 Aug. 2005 13:17:27
Motoyaki, Kushikatsu, and Omurice.
Japchae, Jalebi, and Ramyeon.
there is a food court selling Karaage Fried Chicken behind Dortha's house.
Cherian George, Yuni Hadi, and Karl Richard Hanitsch.
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Harom Setangkai?
What is the latest Enzyplex product?
Please look for Fonda when you reach Jalan Mat Jambol.
05 Oct. 1953 17:52:15
How long does it take to get to Oasia Hotel Downtown by taxi?
Peter Fu, Ng Yak Whee, and Suradi Parjo.
onion thosai, yang rou tang, and kung po chicken.
This is the best Onigiri that I can find.
ITE Headquarters, Nee Soon Spring, and Singapore Navy Museum.
Please tell me how to cook Fajitas.
Vagisil, Convatec, and Oxy.
yong tau foo, ongol ubi, and boiled abalone soup.
Overseas Family School, Khalsa Kindergarten, and Hun Yeang Road.
How long will it take to walk to Pheng Geck Avenue?
Narcotics Control Bureau, Narayanan Chetty Road, and Madras Street.
What is the distance to Lorong Abu Talib?
Select the fastest way to Rochelle at Newton.
beancurd with Assorted Mushrooms is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
macarons, prata banana, and popiah sayur.
This shop sells youtiao.
Can I take a bus to Jalan Selendang Delima?
Kranji Loop, Sunlove Abode for the Intellectually Infirmed, and Jalan Jendela.
Sylvan, Marianna, and Burnett.
soon kuih, bandung, and tau suan.
I like chappati very much.
Ocuvite is having a discount.
2 9 8 5 4 3 6 8 6 1
there is a food court selling Okonomiyaki behind Aleen's house.
So Heng, Judith Prakash and Leslie Charteris? You are not familiar with these names?
Cassia Link, Rivervale, and Tekka Centre.
Aviation Drive, Jesus Lives Church, and Davidson Road.
Demetrius, Webster, and Leif.
satay babat, maggi goreng, and bistake.
there is a food court selling Ramen behind Tomasa's house.
It's about 33 minutes' walk to Jalan Jambu Mawar.
Elodie, Tobe, and Bea.
keropok is very tasty.
Ilona bought Naan for Ethelyn.
I can't eat all of this White Sugar Sponge Cake.
Lina Chiam, John Le Cain, and Sophia Blackmore.
Can I take the MRT to Casino Regulatory Authority?
Karli loves Jajangmyeon.
Carlton, Alwina, and Fredericka.
How much is ketupat?
Boribap, Boribap, and Pretzel.
mee pok, vadai, and kuih kodok.
Does Yakitori taste good?
Han Guangwei, Mok Ying Jang, and Ye Shufang.
the class assignment was to study about Tan Biyun, Kin Chui and Hajjah Fatimah.
Cantonment Road, Tresor Tavern, and Images of Singapore.
Enjoy your rawon.
Cheo Chai-Hiang, Ho Sou Ping, and Neil Humphreys.
Meragi Terrace, Police Driving Circuit, and Bain Street.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including Goh Rui Si theresa and Manasseh Meyer.
Jalan Ketuka, Keris Drive, and Gap Year Hostel.
Monster Energy Drink, Nike, and Fujifilm.
Falafel is a must-try.
Tan Kek Hiang, Suzairhe Sumari, and Joel Tan.
Deanne, Isobel, and Abner.
Where can I find the best clay pot mee?
A series of biographies about Hilmi Johandi, Yong Mun Chee and Paulin Tay Straughan was recently published.
8106 4819
Finlayson, Lee Hsien Loong, and Frank Wilmin Brewer.
Salami, Salami, and Dangojiru.
Sanal, Babasaheb, and Veerapandiya.
Show me the way to Jalan Raja Wali.
How many calories does a serving of hainanese pork chop have?
there are stories about Chan Soh Ha, Su Guaning and Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai in the database.
Whampoa, Seraya Road, and Enggor Street.
Is Trinidad and Tobago a great place to spend the summer holiday?
T3 Basement Drive, Lorong Nangka, and Makeway Avenue.
Where is Jalan Dondang Sayang?
Tan Ser Cher, Natalie Hennedige, and Natalie Hennedige.
KJE, FMSP, and SPCA.
Liu Peihe, Aini Salim, and Kuak Nam Jin.
SK Jewellery, Universal, and Top Gourmet.
Jered, Alonso, and Margarita.
Leonore, Budd, and Mylee.
SRJC, CCA, and NUSSU.
Olivia Mariamne Raffles, Jiang Hu, and Roger Jenkins.
the people included in the list are Adrin Loi, Kelvin Tan and Osbert Rozario.
Find the fastest way to Cerebral Palsy Alliance.
Li Rulin, Cecil Clementi Smith, and Devagi Sanmugam.
46,848
Which bus should I take to Jalan Endut Senin?
3009 8143
Kanwaljit Soin, Haslir Bin Ibrahim, and Evon Kow.
Tell me the price of Samosa.
K. Shanmugam, Lucy Ratnammah Samuel, and Braema Mathi.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Joyfor Backpackers' Hostel?
Bradley recently opened a new kueh pie tee restaurant.
Magiclean, Jim Beam, and Surfer's Paradise.
It is faster to take the bus to Draycott Drive Condominium.
Early Childhood Development Agency, Jalan Nuri, and the Harvest force.
the library recently did a roadshow on Lim Hng Kiang and Bong Hiong Hwa.
Helen Gilbey, Ng Woon Lam, and Mariam Baharom.
6225 8469
ACS(I), COE, and SecCom.
Mary Gomes, Abdul Halim Haron, and Warren Fernandez.
You must try Risotto when you are here.
Ritz Crackers, Bata, and Kirin Ichiban.
Shabu-shabu, Kheer, and Minestrone.
Number Sequence is S2064531F and date of birth is 17 January 1922.
I am particular about my soto.
Simply Flowers, Kinder Bueno, and Energizer.
Shivaji, Dilip, and Mahan.
Ngiam Tong Dow, Surtini Sarwan, and Bai Yan.
How do I get to three Rings Drive?
rendang is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
mooncake is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook chi kak kuih.
Silvia Yong and Beurel Jean-Marie has met this person that I know of.
Lady's Choice, Optimum Nutrition, and Nivea.
SOU, HCI, and CITI.
Hummus, Tonkatsu, and Soba.
Dulwich College, 80 Robinson Road, and Pavilion View.
What are the landmarks near the Helping Hand?
Jenni is dropping me off at Jalan Labu Puteh.
Fancy Feast, Dorothy Perkins, and SONA.
Elisabeth, Nicolas, and Ragna.
Moneymax, Garrett Popcorn, and Film Grade.
Betadine, Dermaveen, and Vichy.
Abdul Samad, Alice Pennefather, and Liao Yingru.
I can't eat all of this muruku.
at two AM this morning
Alpha Style, Mistral, and Chelsea Peers.
Darrell Ang, Tharman Shanmugaratnam, and John Crawfurd.
Please look for Jasiah when you reach Autism Resource Centre.
Please tell me how to get to Professional Engineers Board.
Sao Tome is a very beautiful city. Please tell me more about it.
gong-gong is very tasty.
Wisteria Mall, NPCC Camp Resilience, and Sungei Api Api Park.
Find the fastest way to Poi Ching School.
Tangs
Burgundy Drive, Yishun Street 41, and Law Link.
OCBC, OCBC, and HDB.
Douglas Foo, Zeng Shouyin, and Lee Tjin.
62,734
chili crab, tumpeng, and pumpkin cake.
Swedish Supplementary Education School, Hindu Endowments Board, and Tras Street.
What is the fastest way to Adventure Cove Waterpark?
Adnan Saidi, Lambert, and Lim Wee Kiak.
2 8 6 8 9 1 1 2 3 7
Cartigain is one of the leading brands.
Jalan Gemala, Jalan Awan, and Commercial Affairs Department.
Guards Avenue, Destitute & Shelter Support Branch, and Gordon Road.
Sangobion is loved by its customers worldwide.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Glad Tidings Church?
How many calories does a serving of lala have?
Jaye, Tula, and Sharonda.
Mosque Street, Layar, and Duke's Road.
4DUC2P
Are there food courts or restaurants near Yung Sheng Road?
Nabil, Izara, and Firdaus.
Dollah Kassim, Adan Jimenez, and Yaw Shin Leong.
Do you know how to cook dum briyani?
roti john, aloo gobi, and kuih kacang hijau.
Nothing beats having dim sum in the summer.
Suzairhe Sumari
Please show me the way to Bishan Home for the Intellectually Disabled.
33,830
How long will it take to walk to Copyright Tribunal?
What are the best places to see in Sierra Leone?
MCYS, NPARKS, and CCL.
Joanne recently opened a new baked tapioca restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Ulu Pandan.
Taka Jewelry, U-cha, and Snek Ku.
How long will it take to walk to Bethesda Cathedral?
Thomas Dunman, Yau Tian Yau, and Ken Seet.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Chen Zhiming, Othman Wok, and Au Hing Yee.
Lee Shu Fen, Victor Sassoon, and Du Nanfa.
getuk getuk, herbal soup, and epok-epok sardin.
Please tell me how to cook singapore-style noodles.
Is Brunei a nice place?
It's about 32 minutes' walk to Yishun Ring Road.
Architecture Drive, Carlton Walk, and Sentosa Gateway.
Harry Elias, Halimah Yacob and Charles Gamba? Are you not familiar with these names?
Amrin Amin, Nissim Nassim Adis, and John Crawfurd.
Kulfi, Tonkatsu, and Oyakodon.
Could you tell me the way to SBF Center?
Olan is dropping me off at Rifle Range.
JJ
Denis D'Cotta, Gretchen Liu, and Maurice Baker.
Jalan Grisek, Nouvel 18, and Whampoa East.
Tekkadon is a traditional local cuisine.
Zaqy Mohamad, Lee Wen, and Atin Amat.
Number sequence is T0134978S and date of birth is 07 February 1987.
Faktu Policresulen Suppositories, Telfast-D Fexofenadine Tablets, and Loceryl Amorolfine Medicated Nail Lacquer.
8286 4284
Enjoy your sayur lodeh.
03 Aug. 1945 04:26:09
Taufik Batisah, Alice Ong, and Mariam Baharom.
Amy Van, Arifin, and John Le Cain.
3648 4895
Which bus should I take to Chesed-El Synagogue?
Auntie Anne's, Precious Thots, and Caltex.
Enjoy your Guacamole.
Sherlyn loves orh nee.
Cyprus Road, River Safari, and Kerbau Road.
Balli Kaur Jaswal, Cindy Sim and Jit Koon Ch'ng are in the database.
Teresa Hsu, Ramli Sarip, and Edwin Koek.
Shirlene recently opened a new gudeg putih restaurant.
Singai Mukilan, Iskandar Jalil, and Lloyd Valberg.
Edmund Blundell, Charles Dyce, and Evelyn Lip.
Blas, Martell, and Maribeth.
OKI, Don Don Donki, and Naturel.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Singapore Bioimaging Consortium?
Gyudon, Idili, and Ratatouille.
Ghillie Başan, Simon Wee, and Janil Puthucheary.
Please tell me how to get to Rhu Cross.
Dayang, Lukman, and Zamrud.
Number sequence is T6834519W and date of birth is 04 October 1940.
Find the fastest way to Westwood Apartments.
How about a tour in El Salvador?
You must try soya milk when you are here.
Triumph, Herbal Essences, and Dr Oetker.
Laneige, Llao Llao, and Cold Storage.
epok epok, rempeyek, and spinach with mushroom.
Kelsi, Delano, and Jalisa.
Ore Huiying, Shangguan Liuyun, and Ho Ching.
Select the fastest way to Mar Thoma Syrian Church.
Kamameshi, Chorizo, and Teriyaki.
NHB, MOH, and IDA.
Southpoint
Dian, Afiqah, and Noah.
I want to travel to Accra.
We studied about Jiang Hu, Teo-Koh Sock Miang and Prema Letchumanan in the class assignment.
Does pecel lele taste good?
Siti Khalijah, Morgan Chua, and Santha Bhaskar.
Mandarin Oriental, Simply Lodge, and Fairway Club.
Boribap, Soba, and Chigenabe.
Chandi, Potti, and Satyajit.
Where can I find the best min chiang kueh?
Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai, Tay Teow Kiat, and Rajabali Jumabhoy.
Okayu is very tasty.
Henderson Wave, Hertford Road, and Kampong Eunos.
I am particular about my Takoyaki.
Santokh Singh Grewal, Jacki Passmore, and Ted De Ponti.
Ringgit, Ringgit, and Riyal.
Cathay Cineplex, Too Faced, and Koka.
I am meeting Harlie at People's Association Headquarters first.
Raisya, Putera, and Yaakob.
Leonard Montague Harrod, Tan Tock Seng, and Aliman Hassan.
217,623
You must try teochew huat kuih when you are here.
72,887
milo, ribena, and kung po chicken.
Maple Lane, Jalan Terusan, and Icon Loft.
How far away is Historic House of Boys' Brigade from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Benjamin Peach Keasberry, Dick Lee and M. Saffri A. Manaf!
It's about 41 minutes' walk to Chwee Chian Road.
Number sequence is S2508379A and date of birth is 31 January 1948.
Please look for Ocie when you reach Turut Track.
Dijon bought putu piring for Buelah.
How long is the flight to Addis Ababa?
It is faster to take the bus to Lorong Lada Puteh.
This shop sells hee pan.
7 9 2 4 8 7 0 0 6 2
Subhas Anandan, Hong Sek Chern, and Phoon Yew Tien.
Jalan Gali Batu, Bunga Rampai Place, and Jalan Pakis.
I want to go shopping in Nuku'alofa
Marsh, Brock, and Riley.
What is the fastest way to National Cadet Corps?
Ego sunsense, Cetrimide, and Ego sunsense.
What is the distance to Harbour Ville Hotel?
Brani Way, Muthuraman Chetty Road, and Lorong Tukang Tiga.
Saina, Vishal, and Radhakrishnan.
Phoenix
I am waiting for Ericka to come back from Padang Chancery.
Nadia, Damia, and Nurin.
Eternal Life Assembly, Universal Studios Singapore, and Ganges Avenue.
Unagi, Ravioli, and Unagi.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Aidli Mosbit, Tan Sin Aun and Aini Salim.
Umar Abdullah Al-Khatib, Kamsari Salam, and Tan Yeok Seong.
9717 3702
Aric recently opened a new cheng tng restaurant.
Sundaresh Menon, Lin Hsin Hsin, and Tan Keong Saik.
Farmhouse Fresh Milk, Leo, and Bengay.
I knew a person who has met both Ho Yuen Hoe and James Richardson Logan.
Mark Chan, Harichandra, and Olivia Lum.
Tan Lark Sye, Keith Simmons, and Frank Dorrington Ward.
Wiltshire Road, Civilian War Memorial, and Paul Little Drive.
Jules Itier, C. C. Tan, and William H. Read.
Acacia Welfare Home, Balestier Student Hostel, and NOL Building.
How much is Tom Kha Gai?
Number sequence is T3510297R and date of birth is 16 August 2020.
Tell me the price of mui kee.
Furtere Paris, Cleanz plus, and Redoxon.
There is a food court selling sesame balls behind Drake's house.
Citlali, Gaven, and Quinton.
E9TD82
Youth Olympic Park, Cottesmore Road, and Slim Barracks Rise.
Number sequence is T3671902J and date of birth is 02 June 1967.
Nothing beats having harum manis in the summer.
Can I take a bus to Assumption English School?
I am meeting Arvin at Specialists Accreditation Board first.
How long does it take to get to Laurel Wood Avenue by taxi?
PT, ACJC, and SOTA.
Does gulai daun ubi taste good?
Deirdre Moss, Derek Wong Zi Liang, and Balaji Sadasivan.
tapak kuda is well-known in my hometown.
Show me five ways to get to Roseau.
Laurence Nunns Guillemard, Ho Chee-Kong, and Rudy William Mosbergen.
Where is TwentyOne Angullia Park?
491st
Marine Parade Christian Centre, Conrad Centennial, and Jalan Unggas.
This is the best apom berkuah that I can find.
What is the distance to T1 Basement Drive?
kueh rengas, nonya fish head, and lemang.
What are the landmarks near Swan Lake Avenue?
Arasu, Hartinah Ahmad, and Hussein Haniff.
Syed Abdulrahman Taha, Lina Chiam, and Aw Boon Haw.
Oden is well-known in my hometown.
Ong Ye Kung, Abdul Halim Haron, and John Frederick Adolphus McNair.
How much is ang ku kueh?
Song Hoot Kiam, Yeng Pway Ngon, and Lee Shih Shiong Peter.
Titular Roman Catholic Church, Jalan Teliti, and Sunset Way.
Temenggong Abdul Rahman, Ashley Isham, and Colin Schooling.
Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura, Norris Road, and Compassvale Drive.
PUA9KW
This is the best chee cheong fun that I can find.
Fritada, Jalebi, and Cham-Cham.
Charlottie, Hilmer, and Doyle.
How far away is Quality Hotel Marlow from here?
Please show me the way to Senoko Power Station.
crispy roasted chicken with prawn crackers is a must-try.
Fjallraven Kanken, Onkyo, and Karl Lagerfeld.
Jacob Ballas, Anthony Poon, and Phay Seng Whatt.
How long does it take to get to Newater Visitor Centre by taxi?
chi kak kuih, cereal prawns, and pig's brain soup.
How do I get to Fuji Xerox Tower?
Number sequence is T7104862J and date of birth is 06 November 1946.
9430 5277
Please look for Sarahi when you reach SP Jain School of Global Management.
Helen Gilbey, Brigadier Ivan Simson, and Billy Koh.
Boyce loves Rajma.
6202 9896
Yusnor Ef, Anastasia Tjendri-Liew, and Chan Soh Ha.
I am meeting Paola at Jalan Hari Raya first.
What is the easiest way to Alexandra Retail Centre?
Jim Lim, Khatijah Surattee, and Tan Kek Hiang.
What are the landmarks near Jalan Hwi Yoh?
Nothing beats having Ladoo in the summer.
Show me the way to Bukit Batok Driving & Test Centre.
How do I get to Prince George's Park?
It is faster to take the bus to Internal Security Department.
Can I take the MRT to Jalan Wak Selat?
Lim Chor Pee, Mavis Khoo-Oei, and Faridah Hanum.
Ron Wong, Chau Sik Ting, and Juthika Ramanathan.
Are there food courts or restaurants near T2 VIP Drive?
SK Jewellery, Mr Potato, and Artbox.
Clemence, Elfie, and Larry.
Please show me the way to Jalan Pari Dedap.
By using names such as George Yeo Yong-Boon, Rosaline Chan-Pang and Linn In Hua -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
The Plot Hostels, Wilkie Terrace, and Costa Sands Resort.
Can I take the MRT to Pertapis Children Home?
Number sequence is T5824306Z and date of birth is 08 April 1994.
Which Emulsying ointment product is the best-selling?
Secret Recipe, Johnnie Walker, and Jacob's.
4389th
Could you tell me the way to Edgefield Plains?
I am meeting Anastacia at Lorong Pisang Emas first.
Select the fastest way to D'Kranji Farm Resort.
26 Feb. 1993 19:21:56
Tortillas, Tempura, and Monsunabe.
Omurice, Katsudon, and Pretzel.
There is a food court selling teh halia tarik behind Alvina's house.
Ian Woo, Xi Ni Er, and Davinder Singh.
Could you tell me the way to Jalan Jambu Mawar?
What is the latest Manicare product?
Where is the best view in Syria?
I am waiting for Zollie to come back from Jalan Benaan Kapal.
Please look for Lollie when you reach Parc Sovereign Hotel.
How long does it take to get to Esplanade Park Memorials by taxi?
lemper udang, hainanese pork chop, and tauge ikan masin.
Where is Ocean Financial Centre?
Peptamen, Gingko, and Ceradan.
This is the best Pulao that I can find.
Secretariat, Yio Chu Kang, and Ren Ci Community Hospital.
Please tell me how to cook Lasagne.
Eucerin, Vagisil, and Vagisil.
steamed garoupa, telur dadah, and popiah.
Primrose Avenue, A*STAR Graduate Academy, and Lorong Siglap.
Roger Jenkins, Douglas Foo, and Tan Gee Paw.
Can I take a bus to Casino Regulatory Authority?
How long will it take to walk to Queenstown Lutheran Church?
Goodwood Hill, Jalan Tari Payong, and Belvedere Close.
What is the distance to Jalan Pokok Serunai?
Select the fastest way to Three Rings Drive.
yong tau foo is a traditional local cuisine.
mee soto, tau huay, and lala.
This shop sells golden sand bun.
Can I take a bus to Beary Best! Hostel?
TCM Practitioners Board, Jalan Kilang, and Merino Crescent.
Annie, Danyell, and Raphael.
coconut kuih, kuih syara, and kueh pie tee.
Where can I find the best Chimichangas?
Dermale is having a discount.
Mikaila, Ronnie, and Aleck.
1 0 5 5 4 0 7 4 8 9
There is a food court selling yao cai hei ji tang behind Kori's house.
Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Grace Young and Shaffiq Selamat? You are not familiar with these names?
The Chevrons, Iqbal Avenue, and Amaris By Santika.
Kupang, Fudu Walk, and Jalan Tembusu.
Chestina, Foy, and Clair.
muruku, chicken feet, and tissue prata.
There is a food court selling Jokbal behind Flossie's house.
It's about 23 minutes' walk to Asian Civilisations Museum.
Mia, Arlyne, and Shamika.
e-bua is very tasty.
Joelle, Rossie, and Ammie.
Suzan bought Fugu for Elwyn.
I can't eat all of this tau kwa pau.
Tham Yui Kai, William Goode, and Natalie Hennedige.
Can I take the MRT to Sengkang Riverside Park?
Do you know how to cook clay pot mee?
Diane loves Tacos.
Emilee, Ciarra, and Antoinette.
Sukiyaki, Raita, and Barfi.
nasi pattaya, serunding, and stream grouper.
Does Sashimi taste good?
HW87QV
Sha'ari bin Tadin, Surtini Sarwan, and Kenneth Kee.
The class assignment was to study about Irene Ng Phek Hoong, Mah Bow Tan and Justin Lean.
Cheo Kim Ban, Matthew Ngui, and Abdullah Tarmugi.
Nikujaga, Uthapam, and Nikujaga.
Mountbatten Vocational School, Jalan Kebaya, and Strathmore Avenue.
Enjoy your yang rou tang.
Chen Show Mao, Jose D'Almeida, and Jose D'Almeida.
Donavon is dropping me off at Jalan Wat Siam.
Jalan Terang Bulan, Canberra Crescent, and Rowell Road.
A new television show documented the lives of various people, including John Morrice and Aaron Maniam.
Outward Bound Singapore, Narcotics Control Bureau, and Sembawang.
Do you know where is Central Manpower Base?
Ayam penyet ria, ACEXSPADE, and Tempt.
Sekihan is a must-try.
ten minutes past twelve in the afternoon
Henry Nicholas Ridley, Chong Heman, and MaxLe Blond.
Segar, Rasok Drive, and Tuas Checkpoint.
Melina, Arly, and Mittie.
Where can I find the best bakso?
How far away is Professional Engineers Board from here?
Holiday Inn, Kerrisdale, and Hostel 65.
Jalan Mastuli, Kadaloor, and Harvey Close.
Liao Yingru, Anita Sarawak, and B. S. Rajhans.
Kushikatsu, Zosui, and Gyros.
I am particular about my ayam buah keluak.
Devi, Devi, and Devi.
Show me the way to SJI Preparatory School.
How many calories does a serving of gong-gong have?
Penang Road, Jalan Kakatua, and Shitoryu Karate Association.
Is Algeria a great place to spend the summer holiday?
Prome Road, Stamford Road, and Lorong Sireh Pinang.
Where is Cassia @ Penjuru?
Harun Aminurrashid, Yong Lew Foong, and Hanson Ho.
8172 8678
keropok is a must-try.
Number sequence is T7168239O and date of birth is 25 August 2011.
GST, SecCom, and SINDA.
Pierre Cardin
Glen Goei, Ng Yak Whee, and Kelvin Tan.
Absolut Vodka, Alfio Raldo, and Toyomi.
Lashawn, Chrissie, and Nedra.
Ami, Guillermo, and Mariana.
SOU, PMO, and PCG.
Tawanda bought Kheema for Nicholaus.
Kavignareru Amallathasan, Yatiman Yusof, and Sultan Abu Bakar.
The people included in the list are Muhamad Faisal bin Abdul Manap, Inderjit Singh and Audra Morrice.
IC, TP, and SMC.
Find the fastest way to Gap Year Hostel.
6316 7281
Haresh Sharma, Oi Lin, and George Dromgold Coleman.
735,194
Which bus should I take to Jalan Raja Udang?
6073 6836
Teo Chee Hean, Osbert Rozario, and Rama Kannabiran.
Tell me the price of Naan.
Yaacob Ibrahim, Suradi Parjo, and Lau Chiap Khai.
Can you recommend me a restaurant near SAM at 8Q?
Show me the way to Econ Medicare Centre.
Tonda recently opened a new boiled abalone soup restaurant.
Breezer, Winter Time, and Chewy junior.
It is faster to take the bus to Jalan Layang Layang.
Jalan Gotong Royong, Marigold Drive, and Florida Road.
I like tempoyak very much.
The library recently did a roadshow on Shirin Fozdar and Jerry Ng.
Yeo Tiam Siew, Brian Farrell, and Wilfed Lawson.
6702 8304
CWO, ISEAS, and SAC.
Goh Tshin En Sylvia, Gan Thiam Poh, and Rahayu Mahzam.
You must try Falafel when you are here.
Hugo Boss, LUX, and Dutch Lady.
Vermicelli, Salsa, and Sauerkraut.
Number sequence is S6473809D and date of birth is 30 January 1979.
I am particular about my chendol.
Do you know how to cook Samgyeopsal?
Star Cruise, NTUC Unity, and RVCA.
Ahmad Mattar, Rex Shelley, and Suzann Victor.
Elattuvalapil, Subbulakshmi, and Chanda.
Wang Sha, Edwin Koo, and Cleo Thang.
6Q9FDC
Ravinder Singh, Ragunathar Kanagasuntheram, and Andrew Phang.
laddu is a traditional local cuisine.
sireh is well-known in my hometown.
Please tell me how to cook lontong.
Yahya Cohen and Joanna Wong Quee Heng has met this person that I know of.
Wanderlust + Co, Robitussin, and Gatsby.
GRC, CITI, and NCC.
Fajitas, Lasagna, and Lasagna.
5 3 7 3 6 7 6 2 4 9
Sofitel So Hotel, Sungei Api Api Park, and Springleaf Link.
Kane Mochi, Marché Mövenpick, and Chanel.
Do you know where is Autism Resource Centre?
Chantelle, Abigayle, and Elois.
Jollibee
Butter Studio, Butter Studio, and Purina.
Propass, Fibrosol, and Panadol.
Ellice Handy, Esther Tan, and Bill Chen.
Georgette Chen, Narana Putumaippittan, and Stephanie Wong.
I can't eat all of this chappati.
the last saturday of the month
Dayami, Terrence, and Daulton.
Scoot, Florida's Natural, and Fancy Feast.
Danaraj, Eng Tow, and Mohammad Nurrasyid Juraimi.
Please look for Furman when you reach PUB Recreation Club.
Please tell me how to get to Pasir Ris Farmway.
Salami, Salami, and Dhokla.
I would like to have a look around Vaiaku village.
ketupat is very tasty.
I am waiting for Anice to come back from Prime Minister's Office.
Number sequence is T9572481L and date of birth is 29 December 1929.
Do you know where is Singapore Sailing Federation?
Neila Sathyalingam, Ang Wei Neng, and Finlayson.
Pascal loves Samgeyopsal.
I am waiting for Anitra to come back from Ace SHRM College.
Sumang Walk, Jalan Terap, and MeraPrime.
Find the fastest way to Yung Sheng Road.
Jarret bought bahulu for Darcie.
Uniqlo
Forest Adventure, Jalan Buloh Perindu, and J8 Hotel.
Thomas Shelford, Michael Fam, and Suppiah Dhanabalan.
I like Unadon very much.
Saint Joseph's Institution, Penhas Road, and Amber Gardens.
TCMPB, MSF, and NUH.
Vedre, Veerapandiya, and Naraina.
Tell me the price of white sugar sponge cake.
Which bus should I take to Land Surveyors Board?
Tan Cheng Bock, Elangovan, and Orfeur Cavenagh.
507,329
tahu goreng, kueh kaswi, and soursop.
Fort Canning Link, Lighthouse Evangelism, and Jalan Sejarah.
What is the easiest way to Jalan Lebat Daun?
Valery, Mallorie, and Christena.
Bilahari Kausikan, Dan Ying, and Tisa Ng.
1 3 8 7 1 8 7 9 3 4
Nepro is one of the leading brands.
Jalan Tarum, Martlesham Road, and Customs Operations Command.
313 Somerset, Upper Thomson Road, and The Colonnade.
Nim Crescent, Meranti Road, and VivoCity.
vadai, chicken pocket, and kari debal.
Joseph Grimberg, Vilma Laus, and Alex Josey.
Singapore Korean School, Cuscaden Road, and Nagore Dargah.
Supravit is loved by its customers worldwide.
Dewayne is dropping me off at Trick Eye Museum.
How many calories does a serving of otak-otak have?
Farris, Mikaela, and Merwin.
Kartright Speedway, Municipal Services Office, and Tanah Merah Country Club.
RDN75O
Are there food courts or restaurants near Al-Khairiah Islamic School?
Arissa, Syirah, and Syarafina.
K. Shanmugam, Sundarajulu Lakshmana Perumal, and Mohamed Rozani Maarof.
Do you know how to cook Fish Head Curry?
Nothing beats having kuih bakar pandan in the summer.
Anchorvale Walk
Please show me the way to Chai Chee Neighbourhood Police Post.
5,810
How long will it take to walk to Pasir Panjang Terminal Gate 4?
Wilfredo recently opened a new prawn paste chicken restaurant.
Please tell me how to get to Yu Huang Zhi Zun Temple.
DPP, LRT, and AWARE.
Jean Yip Hair & Hair Spa, Pepsi, and New & Trendy.
How long will it take to walk to Blue Cross Thong Kheng Home?
Yao Zi, Kwok Peng Kin Francis, and Shaikh Ahmad Bin Bakar Bin Abdullah Jabbar.
Names found in the nominees' list this year include Lim Kim San David, Lee Chin Koon, and Dennis Tan Lip Fong.
Alex Ong Boon Hau, Iau Kuo Kwong Robert, and Yee Jenn Jong.
Please tell me how to cook braised shark fin soup.
It's about 29 minutes' walk to Ang Mo Kio Public Library.
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre, Historic House of Balestier Plains, and Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts Campus 1.
Sir Frank Swettenham, Chua Hak Lien Dave and Koh Seng Leong? Are you not familiar with these names?
Giam Yean Song Gerald, Chan Kum Wah Roy, and Ling Cher Eng.
Navratan Korma, Caramelized Maui Onion Dip, and Navratan Korma.
Could you tell me the way to Waseda Shibuya Senior High School?
Anice is dropping me off at Holiday Inn Express Singapore Orchard Road.
Choy Su-Moi Elizabeth
Chris Yeo Siew Hua, Ng Ser Miang, and Yong Melvin Yik Chye.
South East Asia Hotel, Serangoon North Avenue 6, and Chen Li Presbyterian Church.
Barbecued Oysters with Chipotle Glaze is a Traditional Local Cuisine.
Joanna Wong Quee Heng, Chay Jung Jun Mark, and Adan Jimenez.
Number Sequence is S6490853C and date of birth is 16 February 2003.
Dalacin T Clindamycin Phosphate Topical Gel, Betamethasone Dipropionate Ointment, and Nystatin Oral Suspension.
9451 7312
Enjoy your prata masala.
1 3 9 0 8 0 3 1 9 8
24 Feb. 1970 16:37:00
Goh Chok Tong, Junie Sng Poh Leng, and Chong Fah Cheong.
Temenggong Abdul Rahman, Hu Tsu Tau Richard, and Khoo Kay Hian.
3803 2078
Which bus should I take to Brani Marine Fire Station?
Royal Umbrella, Long John Silver, and Hei Sushi.
Con loves Mediterranean Penne.
St Martin's Drive, Great World City West Tower, and Toa Payoh West.
Ho Lee-Ling, Chng Seok Tin and Cheng Xinru Colin are in the database.
Khor Ean Ghee, Choor Singh Sidhu, and Patrick Tay Teck Guan.
Sharita recently opened a new Gula Melaka Ice Cream restaurant.
Chia Kiah Hong Steve, Lau Chiap Khai, and Lai Siu Chiu.
Zhou Ying Nan, Teh Cheang Wan, and Kwa Soon Bee.
A Bathing Ape, Learning Lab, and Bevy C..
Can you recommend me a restaurant near Paya Ubi Industrial Park E?
Dangojiru, Mushroom Spaghetti Carbonara, and Tom Yam Goong.
Dhershini Govin Winodan, Ismail Marjan, and M. P. H. Rubin.
Please tell me how to get to Crowne Plaza Changi Airport.
Zaynab, Hilmi, and Amirah.
Number Sequence is T2075461Z and date of birth is 13 December 2004.
Find the fastest way to Foo Hai Ch'an Monastery.
Is Slovakia on the same latitude as Angola?
You must try nasi goreng ayam kunyit when you are here.
4Fingers Crispy Chicken, Manhattan Fish Market, and Sunmaid.
Crumpler, Ya Kun, and Old Town White Coffee.
herbal bak ku teh, salted egg yolk sotong, and teh halia tarik.
Select the fastest way to Institute for Infocomm Research.
Date Tamarind Chutney, Beef Vindaloo, and Banh Mi.
SST, GCE, and GCE.
Jalan Azam
Indah, Aqilah, and Sarah.
I would like to visit Khartoum.
We studied about Loh Sin Yun, Arumugam Ponnu Rajah and Jacob Ballas in the class assignment.
Does satay bee hoon taste good?
NSRCC Kranji Sanctuary Golf Club, Keppel Bay Vista, and Commerce Street.
Saag Paneer, Chana Dal, and Deodeok gui.
Narendra, Ram Manohar, and Rajat.
Where can I find the best chinese steamed yam?
Phan Ming Yen, Yeh Chi Wei, and Henry Nicholas Ridley.
Rubi
Lorong Abu Talib, Yin Foh Kuan Cemetery, and Greenwood Place.
I am particular about my Lamb Kebabs.
Olivia Mariamne Raffles, Gan Choo Neo, and Tam Wai Jia.
NT Dollars, Yuan, and BND.
Fox, PC Show, and Kat Von D.
I am meeting Maxie at Upper Toh Tuck Terrace first.
Atiqah, Said, and Maya.
Haji Namazie, Mohd Javad, Vikram Nair, and Kang Siong Joo.
76,150
You must try ikan tiga rasa when you are here.
590
bbq sambal sting ray, hum chim peng, and tutu kueh.
Tanah Merah Kechil Ridge, Sixth Crescent, and Mei Hwan View.
How far away is OSAC International College from here?
I know people who have the exact name as Cecil Clementi, Lucy Ratnammah Samuel and Kenneth Kee!
It's about 40 minutes' walk to Chinese Development Assistance Council.
Number Sequence is T3501674O and date of birth is 23 March 1950.
Please look for Lenwood when you reach Eu Yan Sang Bird's Nest Gallery.
Webster bought crispy golden brown bun for Ladarius.
Give me some suggestions for places to visit in Beirut.
It is faster to take the bus to Central 65 Hostel & Cafe.
Heinrich Ludwig Emil Luering, Checha Davies, and Han Fook Kwang.
Saint Anthony's Canossian Secondary, Figaro Gardens, and Yew Tee Point.
Paradise Restaurant, formula one, and Axe Brand.
I want to go shopping in Apia
La Roche Porsay, Suu Balm, and Omron.
What is the distance to Air force Museum?
Criminal Investigation Department, Burkill Hall, and SIT @ Republic Polytechnic.
Ravi Shankar, Sudhir, and Rahul.
Cornell
I am waiting for Darwyn to come back from Land Surveyors Board.
I12 Katong, Bukit Timah Nature Reserve, and Nepal Circus.
Masala Dosa, Seafood Linguine, and Panang Curry.
After taking a look at the database, we found stories about Stanley Toft Stewart, William Shellabear and William Shellabear.
Justin Lean, George Nigel Douglas-Hamilton, and Gog Sing Hooi.
8391 6440
Braden recently opened a new chin chow grass jelly restaurant.
S. S. Ratnam, Tun Sri Lanang, and Anthony Miller.
Ajinomoto, NYX, and Hokkaido Baked Cheese Tart.
I knew a person who has met both Lui Pao Chuen and Art Fazil.
Yap Ee Chian, Seah Peck Seah, and Devagi Sanmugam.
Sat Pal Khattar, Ruben Pang, and Low Thia Khiang.
Wee Tian Siak, Fred de Souza, and Wendy Hutton.
People's Association Headquarters, Kismis Green, and Pearl Bank.
How much is Mugi Meshi?
Number Sequence is T5629748O and date of birth is 18 November 1954.
Tell me the price of chai tow kuay.
Cleanz Plus, Colora Water Colours, and Abbott.
Elinore, Rosina, and Karan.
0YCV9Q
Maxwell Link, Kampong Eunos, and Amaris By Santika.
Strawberry Tofu Cheesecake, Strawberry Tofu Cheesecake, and red bean bao.
Number Sequence is T5912834N and date of birth is 02 April 1968.
Can I take a bus to 78 Shenton Way?
How long does it take to get to Chung Hwa Free Clinic by taxi?
NITEC, PSI, and BKE.
Does pumpkin sauce prawns taste good?
kway teow cockles is well-known in my hometown.
Am I right that Basseterre is a capital city?
Hajjah Fatimah, Seet Ai Mee, and Charles Burton Buckley.
I can't eat all of this Garden Stroganoff.
Where is Holland Village Shopping Mall?
Medu Vada, Pad Thai, and Ras Malai.
9604th
Jago Close, Bras Basah, and Mount Sophia.
This is the best sweet and sour calamari that I can find.
orh nee, ribena, and Dark Chocolate Dipped Churro.
What are the landmarks near Ren Ci Community Hospital?
Warren Fernandez, See Chak Mun, and Lam Pin Min.
Peter Fu, Sia Kah Hui, and Sim Yi Hui.
Dak Galbi is well-known in my hometown.
Runme Shaw, Angela Liong, and Tang Da Wu.
Arthur Ernest Percival, Ye Shufang, and Suppiah Dhanabalan.
Madrasah Wak Tanjong Al-islamiah, Jalan Mas Kuning, and Michaels Backpackers.
Sabri Buang, Ip Yiu Tung, and Sabri Buang.
Are there food courts or restaurants near YWCA fort Canning Lodge?
Winstedt Drive, Jurong Island Highway, and Red Brick Path.
M9IA2G
This is the best Kue Lupis that I can find.
Yaki Udon, Yaki Udon, and Kimchi Jjigae.
Erna, Nicolle, and Ethelene.
How far away is Lower Seletar Reservoir from here?
Please show me the way to Queen Margaret University.
pak thong ko is a must-try.
Golden Chance, Chupa Chups, and Yami Yogurt.
Maggie Teng, Intan Azura Mokhtar, and Liang Wenfu.
How long does it take to get to Ann Siang Hill by taxi?
garlic naan, seafood congee, and Ma Lai Gao.
Number Sequence is T1642830C and date of birth is 15 August 1936.
8721 8650
Please look for Cornie when you reach Defence Science & Technology Agency.
Kam Ning, Cedric Monteiro, and Syed Jaafar Albar.
Lisle loves Lemon Barley Drink.
6452 2818
Melissa Kwee, Saw Swee Hock, and Zainal Sapari.
I am meeting Lindbergh at Sekolah Indonesia Singapura first.
What is the cheapest way to Shalom Baptist Chapel?
Benny Se Teo, Abraham Logan, and Lin Gao.
What are the landmarks near Singapore Girl Guides Association Camp Christine Campsite?
Nothing beats having Gulab Jamun in the summer.
Show me the way to Family Education & Promotion Division.
How do I get to MOE Dairy Farm Adventure Centre?
It is faster to take the bus to Civilian War Memorial.
Can I take the MRT to Loyang Tua Pek Kong Temple?
Almahdi Al-Haj Ibrahim, Joan Pereira, and Raman Daud.
Thomas Shelford, Ronald Susilo, and Ali Iskandar Shah.
Are there food courts or restaurants near River Valley Grove?
J.co, Logitech, and Monster Energy Drink.
Leatrice, Laci, and Leif.
Please show me the way to Costa Sands Resort.
By using names such as Kwek Leng Beng, Jo Marion Seow and Gu Juan -- we hope to capture some of the common names.
Can I take the MRT to Telok Blangah Rise?
Number Sequence is S9437162K and date of birth is 31 July 1922.
Isaac, Hubert, and Jayvon.
Esteem Stoma is on promotion.
Vono, Le Coq Sportif, and Heavenly Wang.
4431st
Could you tell me the way to Health Sciences Authority?
10 Nov. 1990 20:13:09
Tempura, Hiyashi Chuka, and Maili Kofta.
Agedashi Dofu, Papadum, and Taco Salad.
Geraldton
Mary Gomes, Chandra Das, and V. Pakirisamy Pillai.
Could you tell me the way to Prison Transport Unit?
I trust Ezerra.
How long is the flight to Antigua and Barbuda?
I am waiting for Jerica to come back from Chen Su Lan Methodist Children's Home.
Please look for Sandi when you reach AXA Life Building.
17 May 2026 05:13:01
How many calories does a serving of Tom Kha Gai have?
How long does it take to get to Fifth Lok Yang Road by taxi?
Joseph Grimberg, Alexander Wolters, and Alfian Sa'At.
llao llao sanum, dim sum, and char siu.
Where is Our Lady of Lourdes Nursing Home?
Peptamen, Sitz Bath, and Molnylcke Health Care.
This is the best Miso Soup that I can find.
Tuas Jetty, Jalan Klinik, and Boat Quay.
Please tell me how to cook Vegetable Jalfrezi.
siew mai, Soya Beancurd, and Black Pepper crab.
Jalan Istimewa, Farrer Court, and Scotts Square.
Subhas Anandan, Robin Tessensohn, and Edwin Tessensohn.
Can I take a bus to Choa Chu Kang Polyclinic?
How long will it take to walk to Sungei Kadut Loop?
Thomson Heights, Plantation Avenue, and Punggol Promenade.
What is the distance to Boys' Brigade HQ?
